two one hi Andrew Santino what's up mr.
Rogan this is your sober October still
sober you can have real drinks no I'm
gonna have something - not gonna have
real drinks I'm gonna have this some of
this cheers I'll have some of this
that's good right oh yeah it's pretty
good I know you want to get fucked up
but you can't how about that I'm not
gonna man how about that I'm not gonna I
need that I need time to my stomach to
clear I could do sober October
no you know I can't do that shit you
can't do it no a month how about a week
I could do a we I could do sober week so
you could do the first week of sober
October yeah the reason be like the
first week this year next week next year
you do two weeks if I'll do I could do
so I could do a sober I'm gonna do a
sober month but October sucks for me
it's my birthday in October so I don't
wanna take it off you know
also I'd like drinking too much you like
it a lot I can stop I could stop weed
and you know anything else but no I
can't you wanna drink
no my tummy so sensitive still you're
all tell everybody would happen so no
offense to hilarities which is a great
comedy club we stopped there Saturday
night after our show in Cleveland we
went over to say hi to our friend Jessie
Mae Peluso who was headlining there and
boozy at the dudes named Andrew Andrew
don't know Stamper funny guy yeah so we
say hi to them and they graciously the
owners the club graciously asked if we
were hungry we said sure we could eat
they have a nice menu why not so I had
the prime rib it was excellent and you
had a steak with some vegetables that's
right I had a bunch of vegetables I'm
sorry probably around midnight
mm-hm and then we get on the plane at
like 6:00 in the morning we are flying
back home and I pass out and then the
lady wakes me up it's like a movie the
lady wakes me up then I look over you
you're like dude I'm not good I'm not
good I'm not doing what happened like we
we had walked through the airport
cracking jokes like we always do having
a great old time everything seemed
normal he didn't seem sick at all he
fell asleep
tell everybody what happened I fall
asleep I woke up like in Fight Club when
you're like when you when he wakes up
he's a kid on a plane like my breath
caught myself and I sprinted to the
bathroom and I was like soap out of it
and I think the head rush had got me all
fucked up and I sat down and I blacked
out and passed out for a second and I
woke up and I'm throwing up I mean I am
her woke up throwing throwing up just a
la la I'm spitting and I'm like holding
on to the sides like I can't believe
what's like I'm so disoriented and I
walk out and I grab the flight attendant
and I was like is there a doctor on the
plane like I'm something's fucking wrong
like I don't feel good and right then my
stomach was like burbling again and
she's like oh my god you're like pale as
a fucking ghost and I always be I'm like
I'm like this bitch this is what I look
like ginger she goes go sit down I'll
get somebody this nurse was on there
this guy Garrett super nice and he asked
he was and he was right in front of us I
could row up and he asked us which seats
with Jo and he sat with me and I was her
land dude I would do for the first time
my life I puked in those bags you know
when you're like nobody poops in those
fucking bags I did I watched like three
times and he saw undigested food unzip
undigested I was pretty sure it was food
poisoning because I've I had a food
poisoning before and there sometimes it
comes on pretty quick you knocked it on
the nose well that's what he thought it
was too he goes he was asking me he's
like what did you have last night I said
I had two drinks at the show and I had a
couple of beers after with jessimae and
her friend and he was like did you take
any street drugs yeah that's what he
said he said you take any back-alley
drugs I said no man I swear to god he
thought about it and he ditched drinking
he ditched drugs Forest drugged me sewer
shit so I told him the truth I said dude
I don't take any drugs last night and he
was like okay and when he told me he
looked in there and he goes so you have
undigested food which means your body's
rejecting it without processing it so it
must be you got a bug of some kind
because dude I was like when I talked
when I grabbed you and I go bro
something's wrong like this is not
he's very nerve-racking because I was
out of it yeah totally laid out and I
was so confused I was like how but you
were okay yeah I'm like did he have a
stroke
dude it was repiy I felt for a second in
the bathroom like something medically
was really really wrong if my instinct
was oh I must be like sick or
something's wrong
but then when I kept like having this
urge to tough yargh I was like
something's really going on like it I
was assuming that it was the vegetables
because a lot of times people get it
from poorly handled salad yeah yeah
people get it was bad if they don't wash
the leaves and everything real good
people can get food poisoning from salad
it's apparently one of the most common
ways people get food poisoning was from
salad and just yeah
well dude it was just I you know and the
guy was so nice he sat with me the whole
time but he could tell he was like are
you doing okay in every couple of
minutes I'd feel like I had to throw I
think what when water can't stay down I
think that's the key when you're like
chug and water chug and water eASIC
don't chug too fast like why he's like
because and then I'm Joe like was that
because of that bro fucking puking up
water but the old red feels fine I feel
fine now I would just that fuck me up
bad tear and it's five hours from
Cleveland so wasn't it wasn't a quick
jump late for the food poisoning
sucks it was all had and four or five
times in my life it's never never good
that's the second time the first time I
had it was in college it was the worst
thing ever
it was way worse this was both ends this
is when your mouth and backdoor when
you're packed it's like a cartoon I had
in college from movie theater popcorn
what that's real shit movie that's real
shit mm-hmm here's how we knew we me and
this other dude we had totally different
meals all day and this other friend of
ours too and long story short whatever
we both woke up sick at the same time
like in the middle of the night and we
had asked when I went to the doctor
finally the next day because I was sick
all day and the doctor was like would
you eat I detailed and he goes oh yeah
sometimes the butter can be spoiled or
rotten Oh actual butter yeah oh maybe
that's why they use that fake ass butter
hell yeah what is that fake Gasper I
don't fucking know what the fuck is
movie popcorn theater butter made out of
it's not real butter because most places
don't have real but Jamie's laughing at
my sicknesses no movie popcorn what do
you think it is it's like it was it was
weird yeah wonderful
butter flavor that's not butter what is
that bullshit well they say bad that
stuff is for you people used to think
margins the way to go like if you
butters parable for you have some
margarine margarine non-dairy it's me
know it's fucking horrible for you but
I'll process
oils you know they're finding out from
those fake meat burgers they've wrestled
rats they're giving them liver cancer
pull-up what would it would it would the
study was yeah yeah yeah one of those is
beyond meat or impossible meat or not
really meat whatever the fuck it is just
yeah not meat but looks like meat we're
trying to make it look like me it's
processed oils with grill marks on it
why do they do that shit shit it's
mostly oils yeah it's like oils from
vegetables it's very string a lot of soy
and shit like that
that's like those processed vegetable
oils are terrible for you yeah you know
what's good for you
olive oil that's a good vegetable oil
avocado oil is good for you but like all
that other shit like canola all that
stuff fucking is my question is it
because it's not naturally occurring
feeding studies suggest the impossible
burger may not be safe to eat
scroll down this is GMO science it says
hold on a second make the little are
rats fed gym rats what do you do make it
bigger that's just going up rats don't
just stop stop moving go back Jesus
Jamie it stopped go back go back it's on
back no no it's not there thank you
thank you rats fed the genetic know the
fucking text there buddy rats fed the
genetically modified yeast derived
protein soy whoa say that word LaHaye
gamma globin no the himalaya hemoglobin
hemoglobin
it sounds like an Irishman Danny hey
globin he's a good boy he's very key
ingredient developed unexplained changes
in weight gain and significant signs of
toxicity and signs of toxicity why did I
put the word significant in there wasn't
in there it felt right it did I'm an
editor okay unexplained changes in
weight gain and signs of toxicity and it
said the impossible burgers a
plant-based burger the key ingredient
which is a protein called so late a
hangover hangover slh derived from
genetically modified yeast a rat feeding
study commissioned by the manufacturer
impossible foods found that rats fed SLE
each developed unexplained changes in
weight gain as well
changes in the blood that can indicate
that the onset of inflammation or kidney
disease as well as possible signs of
anemia holy shit yeah impossible foods
dismissed these statistically
significant effects as non adverse or
having no toxic already intense it's so
funny you can just dismiss things they
just make it a real study and they're
like not real well they're dismissing it
because it's not convenient real simple
I mean the do rat studies doesn't
necessarily mean it transfers to people
but that stuff isn't okay what's the
ingredients let's let's find out what
the fuck because it's not the only thing
that I've read I've read things by
actual nutritionist they're saying look
you want to be on a plant-based diet you
should eat real foods you can eat
healthy on a plant-based diet you can
eat real vegetables and avocado and you
know there's plenty of good stuff to eat
coconut oils all this stuff is healthy
for you but we you start making shit
look like me that's when shit gets
squirrely because you're finding all
kinds of your your they're adding all
sorts of processed food why'd you take
that off the screen I want to be
distracting while you're talking oh no
that's okay so what the fuck is in their
top five ingredients calories four ounce
serving which is pretty skimpy clocks in
at 240 calories that's in the range of a
beef burger depending on fat content and
cholesterol the impossible contains no
cholesterol to compare a regular beef
patty contains about eighty milligrams
grow up
scroll up scroll up scroll up scroll up
fat 14 grams includes eight grams of
saturated fat which generally considered
less healthy than unsaturated fat that's
not true it's it's entirely dependent
upon the source and it's entirely
dependent upon like how you're eating
like what you're eating yeah it's the
idea that saturated fat is bad for you
this has all been debunked this is
comparable to a beef burger mostly due
to the coconut oil which is healthy for
you fuckers this year the impossible
replaced a portion of the coconut oil
which is the highest of saturated fat
goddamn it puts on fallow or which is
way shittier for you which is an
unsaturated fat god damn this you know
talking to
Trishna Sanh this podcast has been so
enlightening but so confusing well you
see the way that people still want to
eat low fat you know and they like they
don't understand like fats are important
your body fucking needs him they're good
for your brain they're good for
everything omega-3 omega-6 is that was
the revolution of like I remember as a
kid everything became in like the ladies
and 90s everything was lower fat but it
was higher sugar content right so it was
just like less fat less fat but they
were just increasing the sugar it was
like 1% milk that's the biggest joke
when they put sugar less fat yeah but
they substituted it with tons of fucking
sugar because it tastes terrible yeah it
tastes like shit without the fat all
those monsters have put low fat milk in
their coffee who the face of shit who
are you the trick got tricked
they got tricked by this idea that
you're supposed to have low fat find out
pull up something
what is the impossible burger healthy is
it healthy well here's because here's to
think they were pushed that article
obviously was siding with the impossible
burger because they cited three four
items and it was like soy protein
coconut in something else they don't
really tell you how the process is that
they make those that's the thing they
won't say well here's how we derive
these things and fuckin process I was
gonna say as before I even look this up
I don't think that they're even
marketing as being healthier it's just
an alternative for me for people that
really still want to eat it yeah exactly
right but is it healthy for ya I don't
think that there's nothing bothering ya
it's probably less healthy for you than
a fucking McDonald's cheeseburger which
is barely meat anyway not meat I mean
right they did all the studies about
Taco Bell meat and they were like well
fuckin barely meat Taco Bell meat has
they have an acceptable amount of filler
but they're allowed to have a just on
sense it's some nutty number like pull
out what's the acceptable number of Taco
Bell filter I had a friend that worked
at other fast-food restaurant not gonna
name and their name rated meat was like
G I believe it was G grade which is
lower than dog food or something like
that like shit still tasted okay I mean
if you're hungry you'll shove it down
your fucking long I can need it what did
you see what happened at this World
Series game the other night you see the
news no they introduced Trump and the
first lady and they got booed do you
know this yeah it's
he's two different versions the story I
saw yeah when n was saying that they
were yelling out lock her up but then I
didn't hear that I just other thing was
saying they were saying lock him up yeah
so lock him up I think it was lock him
up as whatever he and then had it where
they were saying people were chanting
lock her up I said the other thing too
is he was generally the president throws
out the first pitch yeah and he didn't
do that because he's already thrown one
out somewhere and it's been it's very
good yeah fuck you want to talk about
those we got some clips in the vault of
people that can't throw baseballs on the
first pitch at a Patel it's my favorite
fucking clip Gary Dell'Abate him 50 cent
there's a few people fucking no I can't
right now I'm good will you stomach yeah
um I don't want to fucking I don't wanna
fuck yeah it's fine but I don't want to
fuck up
I don't want to dance on the edge did
you see what I tweeted I tweeted this
morning uh BRR and CNN's I typed him
lock her up it's just just put him back
lock him up hold on Burr and burr and
and cry sure have a podcast now called
Bill and Bert podcast and I made fun of
them you should pull up the image for it
because they fucking they have a cigar
and a glass of whiskey and their icon
but I go what is up with this cigar dick
you guys got as your fucking image look
at this thing
look at that what's up with that cigar
cock that is not
hey yo you got to get someone to
reanimate that bro that is a
weird-looking cigar it looks like a
fucking dick why is it all rounded off
at the tip it's not a set the bill bird
podcast whoever you're hiring and all
things comedy pay him some real money
they're mad at you they're mad at you
these guys are things like dicks just
fucking wave so what did it say did it
say block her lock him up or lock her up
his lock him up brain lock him up was
not as soon yeah they booed the
president has that ever happened at a
fucking baseball game no people are
people are very riled up man they'll a
yeah well here was the other thing that
I saw they had a connected thing article
you know that I was reading with that
that said 51% of America is
pro-impeachment but I was like where
does that fucking pole come from yeah
whose do they ask you know they didn't
ask me so what the fuck sells poles
here's the problem
the only people that answer poles are
assholes right right if they call you up
and go hey cheeto what do you what do
you think about this yo this is what I
think don't call me yeah leave me alone
fuck you who even candy can you see who
conducted that poll that that nonsense
of the impeachment part where you called
because I've seen very relevant opinions
about this impeachment if we go back to
Nix and really take pay attention makes
administration it's arguable that Trump
has been more egregious with his
breaking of the Constitution so
exhausted I wish there was no issues huh
this is what I wish I wish there was no
one trying to steal there was no one
trying to cheat on their taxes kill
everybody was just doing their best and
helping each other out yeah it's a nice
small healthy vibrant communicative
community of people supporting each
other Fox News poll 51% of voters favor
impeachment and removing President Trump
from office that's not good that's a Fox
poll when Fox says that yeah that's fuck
it's kind of cool in July was 42% but
I'm saying we're from where though I'd
like need to know where the camera look
at that impeach but not removed in July
was 5% and now it's 4% now most people
favor him being removed again that
sometimes there's good stuff at sporting
events so the other funny thing that
happened was the those girls showed
their tits did you see that that was
hilarious these two girls are behind
home plate and they're both flashing
their tip they both got banned from
Major League Baseball for life and she
she tweeted and she was like worth it
yeah two of to her in this other
girlfriend hers I think somebody told me
they're starting a smut magazine or
something that was their promo for them
get a nice brother breast cancer
awareness yeah somebody said they
started a magazine or something though
no okay that they got a company on the
rise on plate how many girls make a
living just showing their body to like
patreon Instagram is all is all dancing
dancing on the line of like legal
picture prostitution well the best case
of it is Twitter because what if they
allow you you can take it in the ass
yeah on Twitter there's a lot of gals
yep that I have to be real careful if I
hand my kids one of my phones they don't
open that fuckin Twitter app because in
the feed
daddy somebody messaged you dirty dirty
girl yeah this felt like take it right
in the keys I love that twit Twitter
doesn't give a fuck that's my favorite
part of my sweater if they couldn't care
less I like go for it well here's what I
love about them Kyle Dunnigan when he
did that that animated thing with
Michael Jackson do you see that I saw a
lot of amazing Instagram pulled it out
Donna getting the funniest fucking guy
on Instagram yeah they pulled it off of
Instagram but Twitter did not yeah shout
out to Twitter hardcore Twitter cool for
that shit
what was that would you show me the like
the patreon website it's called only
fans that they some of those people use
not everyone but this is like showing
some of the numbers that they've already
been paying out a million registered
users 70,000 content creators paid out
to creators a hundred and fifty million
dollars paid out to refers three million
referrers so you cheat oh I think if you
prefer I think if I refer I get I gotta
pay I get a kick you get a kick hell
yeah three million dollars five percent
five percent commission on all referrals
pay-per-view messaging and tips live
streaming feature that's interesting see
who could have a problem with that if
you if you ever if you don't have a
problem people being naked I don't you
don't know if you don't have a problem
people taking naked pictures I don't you
don't do who would have a problem with
that now that seems like the best
alternative to prostitution for a lot of
these guys I think I think in the world
of sex work I think that's the makes the
most sense because this is a this is a
legit protected legal way for them to go
hey do you want to see me get naked at
my house yeah give me some fucking money
and I'll do it yeah and no one should
really have a problem with it right
there's nothing I'm in what could be I
don't like what could be the debatable
problem with it it's like you smut
people that people that think it's dig
eroding yeah fabric of our society
Westboro Baptist Church man yeah I think
Kanye West would have an issue with it
he doesn't like well he doesn't like
cuss words now - he's done with that no
cuss words now on the album's well he's
starting a new cult yeah it's clear he's
on his way it's probably gonna be huge
you think it's gonna be like a
Scientology sized thing at some point
where it's gonna be like people going on
lazy
it seems like he's doing it for free
though you know I mean he's got a shit
ton of money and so does his gal yeah
but so I mean he likes business
opportunities he does but I mean I think
it probably opens up the doors for his
other businesses like his Yeezys and his
clothes and all that shit that merch
wasn't free the show is free right yes
I'm saying it opens up the opportunities
for that stuff so so he does the show
and then people like you know what do I
have to do to be in the cult yourself a
pair of xi yi zi just got show buddies
will let you in yeah
that's all it is you buy your way and
you'd get in you love that shit I could
get a few people and I think you support
all that shit so much you love it it's
kind of easy to start a cult these days
it really kind of is well there's so
many of them now like this there's so
many semi cults you know there's like
there's people that have followings
right you know that they you know
they're somebody could argue this is a
cult though you people could argue that
you've cultivated a cult you could argue
that however there's absolutely no
membership rituals right whatever the
fuck you want no one's calling in a cult
no I'm saying like some people call it a
cult like they say they'll say like hey
this is Santino nation where people do
stuff like right this is a nation right
they'll use their name and they'll say
nation which is whoo this is the Santino
army your part since you know army yeah
yeah we're in very subtle but whatever
he says very very suspect thinking like
that kind of shit well it just it just
gives wait people obey people's word a
little bit too much without knowing shit
so they just start like it's something
to hold on to so maybe if their lifes
are shitty and dull and boring they hear
something and they're like I agree with
a good amount of that and then they
fucking latch on to it that's where it
gets scary because then people can
convince you to do anything we were
talking about those guys the proud boys
shit we were talking about that this
weekend yeah this if you start a group a
thing about groups is you're you're now
if you're saved you the leader like
let's let's say you start the red Boyz
yeah okay the ginge boys you're the
leader you're the founder and the leader
of the red Boyz yeah
but you just let any ginger in the group
there's a lot of wacky gingers out there
just really people and yeah when people
join groups
and you start this group and they are
saying I'm acting as one of the red boys
well you're now sort of in some way
connected to whatever the fuck they do
yeah so if they decide to get
radicalized and do a bunch of really
fucked up things you know and go after
people who don't have red hair or
whatever the fuck they decide to do you
are now at least somehow connected to
them yeah because I started the shit
jazz I mean that's yeah that's creepy
though it is fucking there's loops
there's too many too many but but I
think like the influence online is
what's creepy to me as people can you
know people like remember meetups
meetups have got somewhat gone away but
like at one point people are doing these
meetups where like kids were famous on
Instagram they just loved the idea being
like come meet me at this park at 12th
and fucking thousands of people would go
well you see what Kevin Hart used to do
used to have people run with him know
like meet me we're gonna do we're gonna
run a 5k shut up what do you do that
strangers oh yeah so stupid you've never
seen that why would he do even got a
video of it Kevin Hart you could do it
it shows like say if he would show up in
Milwaukee or whatever and he had a
concert who's doing there he would set
up like a 5k and they would all run no
fuck that
well he's trying to he's a positive guy
and he's trying to promote positive
things like health and fitness and just
getting ya act you could do that without
inviting people to run with you I don't
want anybody fuckin run with me you
don't run anyway yes I do do you home
every two or three days really yeah
where do you run in the neighborhood no
shit I run a minimum of minimum of four
but an average of like maybe five or six
I don't go I don't go near eight you're
a silent runner you don't tell anybody
fuck no I do everything silent Kevin
Hart running by a lake that's a
beautiful lake nice that's cool
it's a DC look at all those people yeah
everybody seems so happy yeah they do
healthy running that girl the bottom
right I don't think she's running no I
want to know how many people were there
that didn't run that were just like we
showed up motion yeah but look at that
that's a positive thing right there
Nike gave him a fat check for this you
think so this is all Nike fuck yeah oh
there's a Nike logo my keeper this is
Nike calm yes this is all Nike dude oh
this is some executive at Nike I'm not
so excited
have we got yeah yeah forget about the
fact look he's a businessman is a smart
it's a smart move on top of it I want to
know I want to show you something this I
saw this on the toilet this morning made
me think look at how crazy this is
this guy you could look this up this guy
they pulled a cop pulled him over
thought he was drunk and he blew he like
blew and he turned that he was brewing
beer in his own yes I heard about this
early this morning I want to know is
like growing alcohol in his own body
it's a rare syndrome called Auto brew
auto brewing something you have you have
to look it up it's fucking insane no one
believed him when he said he hadn't been
drinking then researchers found his body
was producing alcohol that guy on the
right it looks like his body's producing
alcohol yeah right now swollen and
taking shots interesting man the
research is at Richmond University
Medical Center in New York eventually
discovered that the man was telling the
truth
he wasn't downing beers or cocktails
instead there was yeast in his gut that
was likely converting carbohydrates in
the food he ate to alcohol in other
words his body was brewing beer that's
fuck auto-brewery syndrome auto-brewery
syndrome said common ABS known as gut
vermin gut fermentation syndrome how
many fucking people have I've never
heard of another lady two years three
years ago whoa women claims her body
brews alcohol has DUI charge dismissed
but was she hammered that dude in the
previous article was two and a half
times the legal limit this was four
times the legal limit she blew she blew
it right but was she feeling the effects
of it or is it just in in her blood no
it's in their blood they know he doesn't
feel it they it just I don't think you
exert any symptoms of being drunk I
think it's just really are you guessing
yeah I think that's what the article
said I'm in touch with 30 people believe
they have the same syndrome about ten of
them are diagnosed with it said Panola
College Dean of Nursing Barbara Cordell
who has studied the syndrome for years
they can function at alcohol levels such
as zero point three zero zero point four
zero when the average person becomes
comatose or dying yet these people are
function part of the mystery of this
syndrome is how they can have these
extremely high levels and still be
walking around and talking
well this bitch needs to talk to drugs
we know a lot of people
we know a lot of people who could
function who do you know that fuck Bert
Kreischer Bert Christ she probably does
everything he does it like 50-point 0.50
imagine if you also had this if he had
abs and he drinks like he drinks see my
Instagram picture Bert today looks good
he looks fucking great it looks really
good legit yeah you know Whitney was
like what did scram filters this like
unless he's doing with one of some of my
wife's friends do
my wife's friends are fucking there
they're cartoonists you that were there
able to like Photoshop taking pictures
they're cartoonists yeah
these bitches run filters on these
pictures and they shrink their legs down
right and they fuck with their friends
like they make their friends but a
little smaller or their arms a little
bigger
that's so diabolical man do weird things
did you ever think that they need to
make their friends changed they
definitely do that to each other they do
and they call each other up hey take
this one down I don't like how many ways
looks you look great oh you look amazing
that bird picture by the way the
lighting is pretty fucking good I'm not
gonna go back to the picture there's
almost nothing you could do about the
side now but that lighting I'd save it
look at his side these sides wait that
looks a little manipulated they're not
manipulated it's not manipulated trust
me
Bert is not that guy he's not smart
enough to do that no no no no that's not
what I'm saying he's not a liar like
look Bert would not do that that's what
he looks like he's been fucking working
out hard he's down to like 225 look at
it re re wrote there he's raising his
arms and sucking News belly tone to post
an interaction side shot of him on stage
all right such a hater well they've got
some beef now after the dosa guru says
yeah well Bert should have beat not re
yeah are we fucking dosed him are we
sure he's just mad that it didn't land
as well the well he is what the way he
wanted like our he's upset that Bert
didn't like laugh it off and have fun of
it who the fuck laughs off getting dosed
with trust me dude I fucking know but
dose me would be fucking I think they
should fight it out let him fucking slug
it out a little while I think Bert wants
to fucking kill him for that
who'd you win who'd win that fight a fun
fight to watch because early early re
squirrelly he's got that like he's like
lanky and long and fuck
he could put up a good fight Bert's got
the bird scout probably the Brits got
probably you know there may be a reach
on him I don't how much taller he is
well re is very tall he's tall he's what
is re like 6-3
he's Jitsu background to a little bit
right a little a little bit a little bit
a little bit I bought him a year he
probably went he went until he got staph
and that was about basically the end of
its when most people would quit he got a
bad staph infection on his knee man it
was horrible swole up like he was
walking with a limp that she can kill
you oh yeah he didn't even know he had
he thought it was a mosquito a spider
bite and he just let it go for when we
were playing pool and he was walking
around with a limp I'm like what's wrong
with your leg and he goes I got a spider
bite and you know obviously I've done
jujitsu forever and I know that
sometimes people think it's a spider
bite and staff so I said let me see he
pulls his knee up I go dude and I
unscrew my pool cue I go go to the
emergency room right now I go you have a
bad staph infection yeah I thought I was
fucking with them he's like he's serious
I'm like I am dead serious this can kill
you I'm not kidding
his fucking knee was all swollen yeah
get up like a real clear staph infection
I'm like dude you got I'm telling I'm
not a doctor but that is fucking staff
and then he was angry and he had a
really good point
he's like why don't they have signs in
the gym yeah like you take jiu-jitsu and
it's up to everybody to tell you what
staff is because um Junior dos Santos
just pulled out of his fight he was
supposed to fight Alexander Volkov but
he got nasty staff in his leg like his
lower leg like his calf area yeah all
swollen and red and funky cuz he got a
staph infection the same thing like he's
like why is it hurts it's like painful
like you thought like maybe like you
know sometimes you clash ends I'll sure
do it a lot but you get a cut and then
it just gets infected yeah
Marissa you know Marissa is yeah that's
the worst it's the worst
that's the worst version of stands like
staph turns into MRSA well it's no it's
medication resistant staph right
Stafford costs whatever the code face
but it's like the medication stuff
extreme version yes what's with staph
that you find in hospitals unfortunately
right because a lot of times that kind
of staff is immune to medication he
doesn't even know how he got it but I
mean it's that stuff that can you can
fucking lose oh yeah yeah my one of my
wife's friends got staph and she went
into a fucking cone
started having seizures she got it from
a gym from a dirty gym just like lifting
weights and shit sitting on those
machines doing like lat pull-downs
she'll scratch something happen next you
know she has this infection doesn't know
what it is it gets systemic and next
thing you know she's fucking going into
shock you know what's why when I use
budget like the gym I go to is like
immaculate clean and I still walk around
like even the bathroom and fucking
flip-flops I'm never ever since playing
high school sports you learn it's like
my dad was always like don't be before
him walking around those lockers you
have cuts on your feet of shit splat
you're you're bound to catch something
someone asked allen's friends wife's
died from it from of infection under
half they were trying to go all
homeopathic they were like trying to
cure with like fucking parsley and herbs
and shit
smacking it with leaves Cowan went over
the house and she was bleeding from her
gums oh my god I was like what the fuck
is going on you got to get her to a
hospital
yes she died they just refused to go to
the doc I don't know man I don't know
the whole story
count old to me years ago he told to me
when I first got staph and I was like
what and I remember I was on heavy doses
of antibiotics to the point where like
like I was fuzzy like everything was
fuzzy like everything was like he
couldn't think straight oh my god my
brain was dark ship because believe it
or not your gut like what's inside your
gut affects your personality it affects
your ability to think your energy levels
and when you're on when you have staff
they fucking dose you ups on ya with
heavy-duty antibiotics and I would I
couldn't believe that people fight on
that sometimes they fight on antibiotics
when they have staff cuz you're just not
in you're just believe it I could barely
make a fist
I'm like how the fuck could anybody
fight like this Luke Rockhold beat Chris
Weidman for the UFC middleweight title
when he was on staff medication which is
like totally fucking incredible function
on it fucking beat Chris Weidman fucking
insane insane I have no idea how he did
it he had like a nasty staph infection
he wound up actually getting a chunk of
meat removed from his from his shin and
it's it's fucked him up so bad like to
this day when he fights and he only
fought once with this he has to have
like a rap over his entire shin
and he had skin grafts and all kind of
shit didn't totally take so he has to
have he was like an open wound on his
chin like forever so he has like this
big bandage over his shin and then
everything's wrapped up and then he puts
like a sleeve over it like a composite
ech the skin a compression sleeve over
his calf and shin
I was now there's so much of that shit
that's in sports like all right what's
it what's it called um it was always
around high schools always worried about
people getting from like water fountains
and shit do you know what I'm talking
about
crabs yeah her bases meningitis yes I
know a kid in high school that had many
guys he lost a hand and a foot from
meningitis fro but from high school shit
cuz you're around all these kids with
all these fucking diseases and
sicknesses and woman incubator her kid
got paralyzed from getting meningitis
from one of those fucking water parks
well that's why usually it comes from
something water what happens in water a
lot apparently you know you get that
water gets in your ears and gets in your
fucking mouth there was a comic who died
from meningitis do we fuck yeah god damn
it redheaded kid really nice guy me no
well that's it from New York goddamn it
he was flying out to do Fantasy Island
Jerry read Wilson Jerry Wilson yeah he
died from meningitis he was apparently
in the doctor's office but it was taking
too long to get seen by the doctor he's
waiting for like 45 minutes like fuck
this I'm getting out of here and he left
him on them dying
holy shit yeah how'd he get it do you
know how he got it do not know he was a
nice guy - man funny kid - and his
career was just starting to take off
this is like in the 90s I knew him from
New York yeah we knew each other from
the clubs and then he came out here I
had been living down here for like a
year or so and he came out here and he
is like shit was pappad for him he had a
development deal to do a TV show he was
doing the new Fantasy Island you
remember when they had Fantasy Island I
know they brought it back he was doing
the new Fantasy Island and and then he
and then he just refused to suck and he
got on a plane he got on a plane and I
think I think he actually flew to Hawaii
to do the show and when he got out there
he was fucked by the time he got there
he was far that's always sad when you
hear people that like I don't know if he
hadn't struck you know not that
but you know when you people have to
have instructions to not get on a plane
this happens all the time people like
fuck that shit and then they die because
of it it's like that dude that was in
Dave Matthews Band what happened he took
he had surgery you got to look it up to
make sure I'm not fucking out of my butt
but he making things up yeah making it
up yeah I think he's fun to make things
I remember the old days yeah you didn't
have to worry about ends up yeah right
drinking beer talking shit people just
tell you lies and you're like whoa I
didn't know you can get cancer from that
yeah yep sure can give me another beer
Jimmy yeah he died he I think he had
surgery and he got on a plane right
Leroy more right you were more and he
got in a fucking plane after the doctors
told him not to fucking fly and he did
and then he died 2008 because he had
some kind of weird surgery right yeah
accident on his ATV right punctured lung
right maybe was that cuz there died from
that Wow Oh
pneumonia blood clot he got pneumonia
was so different he died from a blood
clot the coroner's office to determine
his cause of death to be pneumonia Wow
fuck but but I don't know if it's gonna
say it on there I'm almost positive that
they told him not to get on a fucking
plane and he did any row how much does
it take how many years is it take off a
flight attendants life I mean they they
look good they all look so sad now they
look sadder than they did when I was
young
why is that dude they all look so
fucking sad did it get we did the pay
get worse it can't be good no it never
was good but the bet people used to do
it usually because they were like I
could fly for free and smoke and
everybody in my family but now everyone
I see every flight we take they look
fucking miserable maybe it's you you're
handing out barf bags and shit are
throwing up all over yourself in the
bathroom clean this up even the ones
that like even the ones that I'm I have
a good feeling about even they seem like
bum the fuck out yeah I don't I just
like even when I'm like hey how you
doing the like hi do you want something
before we leave I just feel like that's
a it's a tough tough gig man that's a
tough fucking gig to constantly be like
you know what it really is because
people are such pieces of shit and we're
we're becoming more pieces of shit like
nobody obeys any of the fucking rules
about like overhead space and any of
that stuff and I think it's it's extreme
now because people are like I'm not
checking my
and bag I'll stuff it in the roof people
do get a little kunti though some lady
and this guy got a little Kunti with me
on the flight over because all the
overhead bins were full and I was in one
row when they were like four rows behind
me and I went back down I moved some
stuff around and put my bag up there and
the guys like you think he would use the
bin that's above his head right oh my
don't you think I would if it was he
didn't even look like look at all these
bags
he always bags people people are people
cop attitudes for and they get mad at
the this was insane we were in Denver
coming back and a dude they had
cancelled the flight and a dude was
losing it on the gate attendant you know
he was like you fucking you fucking
asshole I like going off and everyone's
kind of like turn like pissed like if I
can piss that this guy's losing on just
asshole in a public space like this for
no reason and this dude is sitting on
the floor and I can tell he's like kind
of bobbing and he's like reeling and
then finally he pipes up he goes eh go
fly another fucking airline it's not
this guy's fucking fault and then this
guy was like oh what do you care about
it he's like dude it's not his fault if
you got an issue with it let's go take a
walk and then you could tell his his
alpha fucking step up scared this dude
to death and he was like don't fucking
yell at that guy that guy there cunts
guy who yells yes some flight attendant
or someone who works the desk it's not
her fault they don't get to make the
call their employees the kinda desk he
is nothing he doesn't hit him by the way
he doesn't care he's like dude I get
paid one fucking hourly I'm barely here
right he's not pertinent pretending he
runs Delta but I love what the guy said
he goes go fly another fucking airline
cuz the guy kept saying he goes you guys
do this all the time and they do it on
the ground goes go fly another airline
but there's a ton of them if you're so
unhappy wow it's like don't fucking yell
at those I died that really it with the
conflict in the heat in the air it was
thick it was nice
well I went up to him I was like dude
that's cool that you said that and he
goes well that guy's a piece of shit I
was like you know cuz it's like somebody
should say something but no but it's
that leap
yeah will you say something do I tell
this guy shut the fuck up cuz then he's
my problem yep right now it's not my
problem
nope that's what I'm able do I want to
step into that world where this asshole
then becomes a thing with me and then
it's a whole thing well it could become
violent
yeah I never know it's just and you
don't know these you don't know this
freak if you know Dom that he's yelling
at some lady that works there or that
guy that works there exactly he's a
fucking moron who knows what kind of
shitty judgment that guy's gonna have he
did he was bald with a ponytail that's
everything that's a terrible look you
know that guy
unless he's Tong PO stop it stop it
bald ponytail is such a choice do that
why would you do bald ponytail so funny
man is there a girl out there that fucks
guys only who are bald with pointed
sadly yeah
come on sadly someone who looks the bald
ponytail guy if he was at work I
what's his what's his game yeah money
speaking of ball ponytail did you see
what happened in the game when LeBrons
hair fell off I somebody showed me a
photo but I thought that looks so real
that's real looked at the guy is a
fucking billionaire yeah he's a god
amongst men yeah he's a giant super
athlete with a really well shaped head
what the fuck man shave your head shaved
your goddamn fill up that picture cuz I
want to see the fucking he's got some
nonsense glued on his head that's like
not his hair is it to pay look at that
look at that she's his hair moved up and
someone had to tell him
scissor oh thanks bro so he get the the
bandanna back in place his hair moved
wait why did he know he's got some shit
glued on his head bro the guy he's
handsome he's a superior physical
specimen LeBron's hair falls out during
gay a thneed Ava system hey dawg your
hairs up your hair fell off dawg oh he
did tell him yeah hey ice always points
to Sam what's up with your hair he's
laughing are they friends yeah he's the
only guy I was telling he's the only got
a team that could pride tell him that
anybody else who gets traded immediately
was fucking was hair oh shit oh shit
and that last night he didn't have the
head head on it yeah let me fix it up
nice Oh God
he did have the head bed oh no did not
last night look at this that's nonsense
what's going on with his hair hey hey
some waltz your hair yo dawg he's
laughing yo dawg gotta fix that just so
weird like why would why does he want to
deal with that you know it is because he
hasn't accepted it yet yeah
but also he's still young he's 35 35
ever friend his mind he's like the young
guy you know but shave your fucking
that's like John Cena grew his hair out
now I saw him on a fucking billboard and
he has long hair he always had like
short military cut you know I was trying
to be family men I know you were talking
about the movies he's doing now it's
kids get like a kids firefighter movie
or some bullshit oh come on dude he
wants to do the rock he wants to be the
rock so fucking bad well it's simply a
good move
yeah but he won't be the rock the rock
is the fucking rock he's not gonna come
anywhere near being the rock can't be
can he beat John Cena nope can't even be
John Cena nope
he just wants to follow that path of
like WWE guy who's like sweet and nice
and affable and also strong and can play
the tough guy but but the rock is a
special person people think they're
gonna be that guy but can he be a
version of that no what can he do no cuz
look what it look it always looks cheap
look at fucking what's the guy in the
Fast and Furious well who is it what's
his name Vin Diesel yeah
it always looks cheesy he's a good I got
your family family over everything he
sounds cheesy everything he does the big
tough-guy thing is like only so many
guys can pull it off anymore what has to
be authentic it has to be hostile you
are the first of all the rocks an
undeniable giant tough guy yeah he's a
badass he's a gorilla yes I felt like a
fucking brick shithouse he's six foot
six stacked super jeans Hawaiian
gorgeous man mammoth man super nice
everybody loves and who doesn't leave
the rock nobody it just so so big so
what's on fences cry see so big and
Johnson Johnson I'm sure he's a tough
guy I'm sure he's strong and stuff it's
just some things I think they all think
that they can come into Hollywood and
it's like an easy transfer it's like
it's definitely not easy no it's just
not the same thing well you know who's
doing it though Dave Bautista he's found
his way he has I know he's in that movie
what the fuck man
yeah and but he's in guardians of the
galaxy's great in those movies I tell
you I tell you what you gonna tell me
tell me something it's great in those
movies now he's yeah I didn't I yeah
yeah I did a table read for that movie
for you know cuz I knew some of the
people involved
we're just tabled you know they just
want people to come and read and write
and uh of tailoring important bautista
man he he'd look I felt like he didn't
want to even fucking do it like half of
the time regions of the galaxy no no no
no that the thing with Kumail is super
thing but he was reading it and he was
he was doing I mean he had glasses huh
he was like doing this I mean seriously
he would go like this he go I mean this
is the script right is it friend of like
all the executive shit right and Hugo
time to be time to be the guy that I
need to be wait a minute but is for you
no dude this is for but this is anyone
yeah table read like everyone's in the
room that means like executives
producers Yeah right never got in the
script before felt like he was fucking
his first time on that boat but I was
like what it's going do be it was of the
for the studio that's great I'd be crazy
that'd be crazy for him to never see
that scripting gonna do a studio table
read I shouldn't even have said that mmm
fuckin whatever I'm not in the movie
yeah it just felt like he was like I'm
just saying the difference when you meet
people in in in in this industry in the
television television and film that are
like just really really good right it's
just it you see it right away they're on
their fucking I bet you the rock is
phenomenal and table reads and table
reads are important because the studio
gets to see it they get to kind of write
you're selling it a little bit you know
I mean the movies gonna get fucking made
it doesn't matter yeah but it's just
like it sells you more to all of these
other sources to feel like yep this is
the guy we want to get behind yeah
because I've run into a lot of great
actors and actresses in the business and
like you can fuckin tell dude the way
that they handle things sometimes you're
like oh man that's why they're good they
just are like ready for it it's like
it's it's like a good it's the same way
a good comedian can just turn on you
know we can be having this conversation
seconds later you get on stage and psych
and you just know you know when to you
know when to per maybe he already got
the gig and didn't know that's a bummer
I guess I get maybe he was the movie
good I didn't see it did you see anybody
there you go you know what's Ballmer to
me that fuckin Will Smith movie Gemini
made up nobody want to see it the giant
box office lost looked fuckin amazing
but it was up against like two other
right didn't come
the Joker and one other film though yeah
someone else it was fucking huge it's
like you couldn't did you see Joker you
find this nice I loved it
I'm gonna tell you what I told you this
morning to try together I nearly lost my
shit oh I hear I hear in the middle of
the film in the middle like a really
serious scene I hear someone go there
punched in on his face I hear a woman go
did they photoshop a harelip on him
I almost threw my popcorn I was almost
like that's it I'm out of here I felt
like the way I felt when I first saw the
movie Natale in theatres here things
like that you hear things sometimes like
you hear things like out of nowhere you
heard I heard a girl say in the ass is
okay but in the ass and the mouth no
fucking way I heard a girl say it's
right she's right but it's just like
that kind of that combination of things
you wouldn't you liked what you're like
I'm sorry this is Jimmy Jones can you be
a that's fine but in the acid in the
mouth no fucking away like what was the
context of that fucking conversation
then well there's a site that's
dedicated to that called overheard in LA
overheard in LA and all they do is talk
about bullshit that you hear in Los
Angeles that's like stupid LA only
phrases you know yeah and that's got to
be one of them this place it's you're
out I'm checked out because it's on fire
no no it's on fire the whole fucking
place is on fire Bel Air is on fire
right now
yeah Bel Air yeah yeah well you got girl
dressed as a cat I'm almost 30
this Halloween is my last chance to fuck
a guy dressed as Harry Potter how much
those writers though that are writing
that kind of course yeah I'm sure I'm
sure it was birthed organically I'm sure
some some dudes started it for fun and
then it just you know kept going yeah
I'd like to fucking I'd like to go away
from the fires Northern California's
even worse than we are I think we
complain but they're really listen
Ouma's on fire yeah they get it bad it's
bad up there yeah that's where Henry
sued almost burnt fucking burnt to death
you can catch fires man everywhere
that's dry and LA is dry as fuck in last
year we got a lot of rain in the winter
and everybody
predicted that all this rain was gonna
dry out as soon as the rainy season was
over the grass was gonna grow really
high because of all the nutrients in all
the water and then boom because the
nutrient when we have fires and then
water
it's a terrible combination because
apparently all the carbon from the fire
actually helps all these plants grow
right and then it just look overgrown
and then now it's over then there's all
this dead shit it's so overgrown yeah so
when the the areas where I run weeds
were higher than I'd ever seen him
before
right like fucking six foot tall weeds
and all that mustard grass shit yeah
that stuff yeah yeah yeah that fucking
shits everywhere yeah and then when that
dries up it's over what are those things
called that like my dog gets somewhat
foxtails you know the oh my god
everywhere and that shit's dry and
fucked up every my dog gets America he
has long hair yeah cuz Golden's are bad
and he runs and the fucking bushes he
loves that shit he's crazy takes forever
we took my dog fucking camping that was
the worst shit on earth because she was
just rolling around in that shit and she
gets back all happy and I'm like god
dammit I gotta pick these fucking things
I get a brush them yeah brush that's the
worst yeah we're on fire I want to go I
wish we could go where would you go
you'd go to Chicago go back to Chicago
yeah I would if I really could I would
if I could just tour from Chicago and
then do whatever I wanted to do every
once in a while
why couldn't you so much to do here
there's so much shit here so what's the
problem
hmm friends yeah friends like you and
Diaz and all our friends that are here
you know I love the fact like last night
I did that benefit for Kalyn Kevin's
friend yeah yeah I go there sobs they're
normal Donald's there we're all having
fun towns there we're all laughing and
hugging each other we have a great time
Chappelle Lacey was there we're all
laughing it's so fun I'm like I love the
fact that I could leave my house I left
my house at 8 o'clock I'm there at 9 I'm
home by like midnight you know not even
I think I was home at 11:30 I was only
there for like an hour and a half but I
had a great time i recharge of
camaraderie and friendship you're not
gonna get that if you leave and plus it
was cool to do you know we did an arena
Saturday night and then you go to do the
main room it's like you feel the
difference to those two rooms so
definitely you you know you ought to
talk about is how fucking we were taken
back by the Fox Theater was
fucking insane in Detroit oh yeah people
you can see it on my Instagram I took
videos of it and some photos and it's
the most beautiful theater and I've
worked at a lot of beautiful theaters
yeah most beautiful theater stunning man
when they the the staff is so cool they
took us out afterwards the show was done
we had chilled for a while me and Ian
Edwards and Joe had gone back down to
the stage and holy shit yeah they're
gonna fucking look inaudible that is
it's crazy and this is from the 1920s
and they restored it did he see in the
eighties yeah the 80s it got rich fuckin
a this place is beautiful and the staff
there is proud yeah like like that dude
that I forget I don't remember his name
unfortunately really nice guy that yeah
that gave us all the and then they turn
the lights down for us so we could see
what it really looks like and then
turned the roof light on because they
had all these spotlights on so they
could clean and get everything ready and
they'd turn those down for us and turn
the house lights on so we could see all
the ornate gilded woodwork and just like
you can't build a place like this and
the way you can't you can kind of see on
the top row there's faces carved up
there yeah and he said they're all hand
done I mean it's just it was fucking
unreal oh he said he said they redid it
in the 80s and five guys died while
building it while while fixing it and he
had said when they had a guy up there
cleaning they found a helmet and like a
like a pickaxe almost that was like
placed and the helmet was on the pickaxe
and this bozo comes down he's like look
at his shit and the guy was like hey put
that back that was a in memory of one of
the builders that died during the
original construction of it like they
had put it deep in the rafters they
found he found Emily was cleaning it was
awesome he's like this places and he
meant right away of course I knew was
gonna go there after me and Joe are like
oh yeah fucking yeah this is amazing and
then he goes and he goes and you know
it's haunted I was like I knew that was
coming I could tell from that I could
look from his face he wanted to tell us
that so bad your mother's pussy song
your mother's pussy he said somebody
George Lopez no he said some comic was
there and could hear the knocking
apparently there's like knocking in the
roof and he just bitched about it half
of the show was saying like he kept
hearing the knocking while he was on
stage and I was like really the last one
subdue the fucking bomb and bro dude you
can hear the knock something about the
knocking that's bothering me
well do the other night you said it at
the improv there was a cricket inside
yeah it was amplified like you could
hear it so I was so loud and that was
both shows yeah right
yes Wednesday the first show I didn't
hear it cuz hey-zeus was like hey Zeus
made a joke right away he goes man you
know it's bad when the crickets are
louder than the laughs yeah and then I
was like I didn't hear it I went on
stage I couldn't really hear it in the
second show I was so loud I could hear
it must have been up in the roof and
something no it was over near the piano
so the pain is over right underneath the
fucking who's amplifying the piano piano
Joe Joe is loves the piano at the
Hollywood improv this is my favorite the
fact that it takes up seats I love the
fact that it gets in the way of the
people that are sitting over there they
don't have a good view of the show I
love the fact that it's fucking useless
and no one plays piano there they say
Craig Robinson uses it preg Robinson has
his own fucking keyboard reboard brings
and everywhere he goes yeah whenever he
does shows it's not hard puts in his
trunk you know they have one there for
him too
no that's stupid fucking piano then they
have two stupid fucking pianos you have
one upstairs in the green room yeah like
what are what what what you know bud
love bud probably loved pianos that's
all channels and monocles my mum pianos
musta fucking loved to buy to piano it
is an old idea did its did the story
used to have a feel right next to the
stage in the main room like when you
stand west if Jeff Scott would play a
piano like he does in the main room yeah
do they still play piano in the main
room or in the old war rather keyboard
in the o.r keyboard over there yeah yeah
well these two have a piano in the main
room yeah I can your piano is that the
only Club that still has a professional
keyboardist I've never well up down in
San Diego at the Comedy Store that he'd
never come yeah yeah he plays he plays
down there too Lou sweet Lou he plays
the the he plays a keyboard down there
might be the most underrated room in the
world yeah Tommy Store logo is fucking
phenomenal I'd be the most underrated
it's for now it's phenomenal it's
actually I've talked about this before
what it's that it's the perfect shape
and size and number because it's a
person
icebox it's low and quiet and black the
stage is not too high it's great it's
like a it's like the o.r in LA but it's
on it's on one you know because the de
pollo filmed or recorded one of his
comedy specials there I don't see Dee
yeah you recorded a CD there huh it's
fucking great place did you stand up it
is no it's I mean and it's it's packed
constantly cuz those people down there
they don't want to make the drive to
come up to fuckin LA and there's nothing
around their club wise yeah you get
American comedy company in San Diego
they can go there but La Hoya's so
beautiful always beautiful me I lived in
La Jolla I wouldn't want to go anywhere
we said that we if we were gonna go down
to San Diego you move to La Joya
oh yeah it's fucking beautiful the
fucking cliffs here see the view off the
cliffs yeah we breakfast everything it's
so nice it's stunning it's a great
little pocket you know can walk to
Tijuana hey I don't want to do that shit
how crazy is that
when we were saying that in the car we
were like San Diego is this like
beautiful pristine city with a lot of
money you know well are you not a ton of
culture but you know that's okay dear
yeah that's okay I mean you've seen
someone to say that fuck it here yeah
okay and then you cross the fucking
border and TJ is like donkeys fucking
women marshmallow shows fucking Chiclets
a marsh ball show really yeah you don't
know about that kind of force do you
have to generate to get a marsh you
gotta have strong muscles what does it
sound like ping-pong balls
okay I've seen ping-pong stanhope told
me a story about some lady in Thailand
that could chew up bananas with their
pussy and spit out chunks of it she take
[Music]
[Laughter]
banana stuff it into pussy chop it up in
my head I just saw it has teeth like
that well she just had a fucking severe
pinch yeah yeah some girls have stronger
pussies and other girls
fuck yeah that's just a fact and I think
some gowns just let the pussy be what it
is yeah ed it in there oh we both feel
good it feels amazing good and some
girls like no no you could put a little
extra in some girls just know how to
squeeze it genetics or is there there's
training to know Kegel
manners exercises but it's just the act
of squeezing it I think every girl can
squeeze it but the act of actively
squeezy requires work I know when you
feel the squeeze it's kind of it's
awesome well it's also it feels great no
matter what yeah right yeah vagina is a
perfectly designed thing yeah how do all
the things in nature to have sex with
vaginas number one look at that let me
think for a second
haven't really fucked a lot of different
things yeah but a vagina is about as
good as it gets like nature's designed
it so that you spooge really quickly so
that you can make a baby while the Lions
are coming out that's how I was and go
come and go because it's supposed to be
like yeah I don't run fucking leopards
that's how you know we're getting lazier
as a culture because we're trying to
hold out as long as you can yeah well
it's just weird you know we're so safe
we're so safe we're trying out like
we're trying to not come how about those
assholes that try to like come
internally you know they do tantric Oh
sting
they don't come as cancer they come
internally foe like their body absorbs
it and they don't shoot any loads how
weird did not shoot a load actually the
first time I jerked off I didn't shoot
it scared me what did you do I jerked
off and I came and I think I stopped and
nothing came out
and it freaked me the fucking nothing
came out no how do you know you came
because I feel like I came but you were
so young you'd never come before 32 I
don't know I just remember the first
time and then I did it again later that
night and I did come but I was scared I
don't know I was freaked out you know
Eddie Bravo told me and so everyone
who's young who's dating this girl and
she was always worried that he was
cheating on her and so that when if if
he would come she would get upset if it
wasn't that much she's like how come he
didn't come that much he's like what it
wasn't there wasn't that much come did
you fuck around and he was like what she
kept thinking you imagine like someone's
like like measuring judging the amount
of projectile the amount of ejaculate I
mean she she well was he yeah the other
thing maybe she was cleaner
she's like this load is like it's a
little light load here right yeah it's
like when someone sells you an eighth a
weed like the suspects bag feels a
little on the
dude this annoyed me so much I saw an
article that said they are finally at
their they're at the final stages of
making odorless weed this company in
Colorado is making odorless wium that's
what I said get the fuck out of here
dude
here's the thing about weed it only
smells to other people when you're
smoking it doesn't smell not while it's
delicious but it's not weird yeah like
when you're getting high like I don't
smile aiming yeah that's true you really
can't people walk in the room like what
the fuck did someone kill a skunk in
this room holy shit boys yes my wheat
these guys are trying to make everyone's
trying to manipulate weed to be
everything not weed just fucking leave
weed alone this is how those people died
from that vape shit they made all that
fake weed pods or whatever is how they
died from that vapor they vape 24 hours
a day seven days a week
well that's gonna happen till about dick
out of your mouth you fucking weirdo
it was my doctor's office the other day
and I got on the elevator it's one of my
favorite things when the guy gets on the
elevator stinking a weed yeah yeah
recognized me I'm like what's up bro
he's like yeah I had to get my head
straight he goes for work but it's my
job I mean it's my company so it's
alright okay well what was what'd he do
I don't know he's hired a clock yeah it
was a medical office building I mean
maybe you can just can you rent them an
officer future yeah yeah like to get my
head straight Jose I hug you my head
straight he stunk stock stock of weed
mmm I like I like it when I I like it
when I walk by it and you can smell
somewhere and you're like all right it's
just like a nice little pick-me-up for
the day you're the hotel room sit for
then pass in the hotel room like oh yeah
how funny is it uh Ohio still you have
to have AIDS and cancer and lethargy
still I know someone that got it without
that would they do yes or surgery or
something like that
yeah but come on but what happens after
surgery yeah I don't know if what he has
to renew it I don't know but just right
over in Michigan free weed this fucking
billboards ever LA it's spreading across
the country it's nice it's a nice
feeling like when you're in the car you
drive and you see you know the best
cannabis in Michigan you're like all
right right on
welcome to the 21st century who we were
talking to here in LA they finally have
they finally have full legal cannabis
cafes where you can eat dinner and get
hot you can get served by a budtender
and dinner yeah that's um Lowell Lowell
cafe they respond sir the podcast
they're fucking awesome do you know my
buddy just man he said the food was
phenomenal
yeah but he says you get full blood
tenders fulled like really nice meals
he's like the ambience is gorgeous it
was this old I remember where it was -
it's an old shitty shutdown like um you
know in the corner of LA when it's like
a you should be a gas station then it's
like did they sell junk you know I mean
it's just like a junk pit you know of
like sometimes it's like a flower sale
place or whatever signs and make they
got it at clean it out turn it into this
gorgeous restaurant with all this
beautiful foliage on the outside it's
really nice man here's the thing about
cigarettes cigarettes kill your taste
buds weeds weed enhances your task boats
which is people don't know like when you
smoke weed and then eat food tastes
better oh it's so much better it does
even shit i don't like taste better no
but but also like do you think if you
were high as fuck you be able to tell
there's something wrong with those
vegetable Scituate probably actually
probably god that's so funny something's
wrong if I turn I go dude these are just
weird about this one anymore no instead
I was just but that's kind of and that's
that's got to be true though that it
hands is in the right way that's like um
magic fruit we've talked about that
what's magic fruit you can order this
online magic fruit changes your the
chemical composition of your taste buds
on your tongue for about 15 to 20
minutes what is so sour Sting's taste
sweet you can talk about this yeah we
talked about it what did we talk about
during the podcast I think we did yeah
really yeah not on this one but I know I
know about it for sure
oh so maybe you talked about it with
another person yeah Google the real name
I don't know what the magic with real
name is but but it's a berry it's like
the nut of a berry and you you you eat
it when you put in your mouth it doesn't
taste great or you put the dissolve
tablets they have now and your whole
tongue the composition of your tongue
chin so like you could eat a lemon and
it tastes it tastes sweet Wow yeah it's
fucking miracle mirrors all right fruit
it's an SCM deliciou for some soon ESPA
Lum doleful see emphysema
look at you you're really good with
Latin don't for see you do you have a
Latin education yeah plant known for its
berry when eaten causes sour food
subsequently consumed to taste sweet the
effect is known is the fact is due to
miraculin your acumen sounds too close
to mescaline yeah what have you ordered
one you got the other hey well still
have a good night
interesting yeah it's wild man a good
friend of mine did at a dinner party and
we were because a lot of people are
skeptical they were like no he said
could you try it
so then for appetizers he would give us
this and you know they had a platter of
different things to try out that were
usually sour and it's insane how sweet
it tastes what about a sweet fruit like
a melon with autism well everyone has
when you taste sugars it tastes
different on everyone's tongue when
you're on this fruit so for some people
tastes dull and other people it tastes
kind of like off like it's not oh it's
not the correct flavor profile so like
some people take like for me sugary
stuff tasted kind of dull or like
nothing Apple days dull mmm mmm apples
not sweet enough like a like an orange
like I said orange slice but I mean it
just takes kind of flat flat yeah
flattens weird interesting I never know
about that
I never heard about the more you know
the more you know but that's so that's
tough I wish there was more shit like
that for food when you ate it that like
makes it - yeah that makes different
things taste better that like that gets
rid of the one part that that's nasty
like I like blue cheese but then
sometimes if I eat it I taste too much
of the of the fucking oh I love that
stuff I love it a giant bar of blue
cheese I love blue cheese it's just in
small doses I'm okay with it but if it's
too much of it too much of the guffy
cheese stuff like I enjoy steak as is
yeah I don't need anything on steak but
I've had steak like a filet mignon with
like a blue cheese crumble on top
phenomena we had good steaks at dinner
that Jamie missed because he couldn't
come see he fucked up Dork Jamie losses
Jamie got one them cool front wallets a
ridge wallet which I have - they're the
best but and they have RFID protection
but it's never happen to you is anybody
ever scanned your credit card I was been
wondering about that if people I mean I
remember like Dateline special people
couldn't scan you when you're walking by
you can do that but did anybody ever do
that I'm sure they do
definitely think they have done it okay
but how do they do it do they have to be
right on top of it like how does it work
they have to be within a certain amount
of distance because like just like on
the bank scanner same thing you know
yeah I've heard they have to be within a
few feet of you that's pretty pretty
I think Subway's places like that or
more so something where you're sitting
next to someone for a long period of
time and they're right near you runs
walking by you has got to be so hard
check it up well so Jamie has his Ridge
wallet but he also has sweat pants yeah
also had his feet up on the chair in
front of them birth and his his shit
fellow his ID credit cards no cash
though right okay I get 20 bucks on that
yeah and your ID so you couldn't come
see us man you fucked up bro he might he
might be fucked up so hard that he can't
come to New York next week for Mazda
Dale versus Diaz not even next week
Saturday night days yeah he doesn't know
when he's gonna get his ID are you in
process right now yeah did you try to
get a passport I so there's a couple of
things that you I thought you could do
apparently you can't do so there's a
confusion on what that is about the
ability for that the actual card is now
on the way in the mail flick through the
state so now it's just in the hands of
this you get in a month the time I ever
lost at my in Ohio you could just go go
back and get it right away so like I
know a days yeah I don't know when the
times have changed on that I don't think
the birth certificate I have is
certified because it's it's an actual
photocopy of my real birth certificate
which I used to use that was a good
thing to have back in photocopy which
sorts of shit now I don't even have that
my mom's gonna help me get it dude I
don't know you even know where any of
that stuff it's gotta be in my mom's
house somewhere but I have no fucking
idea where that stuff is oh Jesus Social
Security all ways bring my passport as
well just in case yeah that's the
smartest
yeah but also clear clear is the shit I
know we walked right through all this
you do they do your fingerprints picture
comes up you are clear you link here and
then you go on through the people are
super friendly they walk you all the way
up to the guy or the gal who's working
there they wave at you everybody walks
right through and I have pre and TSA pre
or TSA pre and clear se
you do it well you don't travel
international enough to have global
right you don't have glad to pitch why
would you do it you don't shit I've been
on the country every fucking year I know
what 15 I know but does everybody in
your family have it - yeah they all
gotta have a bitch yeah come on
Global clearance come on that'll fuck
with that come on you don't fuck with
Global Entry I don't have it open she
gives you free TSA pre how about that no
I didn't know that you get one you get
both how about that I didn't know you
got to go everyone if most states I
don't know actually I don't know how
many states have this but being at the
DMV last few days Real ID is a new thing
coming through some states and if you
want to travel domestically a new ID
idea what or or your past
you can't just Oh Oh Larry that's to fly
from like here to Ohio you need your
passport for that you have to have a
passport you wanna go to Vegas yeah shut
up that's so dumb yeah or get you this
new version of the California ID I need
to go give her another yeah brother
wants it baby bro just put something in
my arm
just give me my idea what they want want
you to give in let them do what oh my
god I'm doing I gave in when I bought
these when I bought this tracking device
that's listening to me 24 hours a day
your phone yes what are you doing it
what's the worst thing you do that that
phone picks up talk shit there's a file
there's a file of all the shit talk but
if they log your shit talking and sure
they do yeah sure they do one day you're
gonna say something bad about the
government I'm gonna pull you aside say
so many bad things when President
Elizabeth Warren it's gonna bring you
into a room shut your mouth
show you all the things it's gonna be
Peter Budaj and you note is that some
some governor from some local some local
uh South Bend Indiana he's like we got
we got we got a fag runnin in the office
he mayor Pete but he say some homo we
got some homo running for president who
said that some dude it's of local
government think city yeah he was all
mad he's like and some woman left use
like I was so offended anyone people
like even a good job as mayor that's no
dick yeah
remember when although there was a cop
that shot someone and his response was
inadequate and so they had all these
fucking people saying how the fuck are
you running for president while you're
the mayor yeah which I don't understand
either
no I don't understand how the fuck you
could have an incredibly time-consuming
tax taxing job like being the mayor
Ralph a major city not major but it's a
city a city there's a few people over
there where you're supposed to be
running that and you're also running for
president it sounds like you're slacking
yeah right yeah it's like if you had a
job and you were the fucking CEO of
whatever fuckin Heineken right and then
in the meantime you're out there
campaigning to be the CEO Budweiser yeah
Hanukkah will pull you over hey fuckface
I talk to you for a second to you what
are you doing what's up dude you're not
even here you're eight hours out of the
fucking week you're off going doing
Budweiser shit yeah yeah but that's a
great gig I thought was a really good
kid I'd like to keep the Heineken gig
while I try to get the Budweiser gig if
you don't mind if you guys are cool with
it yeah I hope you guys are cool with it
how did you find it you laugh even more
look at that widely spread video a
community commissioner County
Commissioner Warren Hearst can be seen
giving minutes long speech against what
he sees as an American changing America
changing towards liberal values arguing
you need to make his jurisdiction a gun
sanctuary meaning that resources would
be diverted away from enforcing certain
gun laws whoa
in the speech Hirsch lamented well we
got runner for president in the
Democratic Party saying that better
candidates could be found in jail he
continued we got a clear running for
president if that ain't about as ugly as
you can get referring to but we got it
we're running for prison only gang you
can get what do you think would happen
if he became president how bad would the
homophobia be in this country through
the fucking bro fucking holy shit it
almost would be worse for gay people in
the short run Yeah right yeah it's like
yeah the homophobes would mate they
would be so adamant it would be so it'd
be dangerous for Buddha could you did
you could what a judge Buddha checks
would set up but he doesn't have a
fucking snowball's chance in hell I mean
he's not even remotely close no you know
who kills means that beta or rope or
work yeah it seems like a joke yeah like
someone said luck dude here's the sketch
for the next 24 months you are gonna
pretend you're running for president and
I just want you to like skateboard and
say a bunch of dumb shit
speak Spanish I feel real clumsy with
the way you talk about things but tell
them you gonna take their guns just say
it openly say fuck the Second Amendment
I'm taking your guns
I mean beta beta or Roark I'm gonna be
alpha Oh Santino on the next time I run
it's like you know how you know like you
know how Ali G like yeah he has these
characters yeah Sarah Sacha Baron Cohen
yeah you know he has the fucking Borat
character he has the gay character it's
almost like a character yeah like I made
like a fictional person of a super like
emo sort of did Sam Triple E had a
picture of bado on his Instagram saying
don't ever forget this when this guy
runs for president it's him covered with
letters like letters all over his body
this is like vegan feminist it's like
writing all over his body and I said to
Samus is that really him just like fuck
it is I don't know if Sam really knows
yeah it's just gotta Sam's done any
research Sam and I say man I have
endless endless arguments like open
nowhere perfect I almost hope it is him
I don't know I'm looking for that exact
picture that wasn't the only thing I do
know about him before this was happening
was that he was known to be in this
thing called the cult of the dead cow
which is like a hacker group back in the
day her first hacker groups you know
like when the movie hackers anything
like that time period I think it must
come from that the cult of the Dead
uncovered with all the word that's right
I don't know what that know it's like
him in his underwear with writing all
over his body did you see that they
fucking change the ABCs yeah how'd they
do that thank you
now they don't know it's not you know
because our youth you know you learn
lMNO lMNO so now it's not lMNO why they
sing it l em and they changed the rhythm
of the fucking song because they don't
want kids to say elemental take it
confused that those are not separate
that they are separate letters I saw
yesterday who's the they that changed I
don't know I recorded a new version of
song right basically that's getting is
it going in schools that's the one thing
I
no everywhere that I don't know about
that but did you did you find the
beautiful picture I don't know I think I
saved it my favorites I see a bunch of
like older pictures of them from back
then that or they save you on Sam no but
did you save it on did you look at Sam's
Instagram that's nice Graham right or
you could ask Sam to send it to you I
don't I didn't have it in my favorites I
probably so disturbed by they didn't
make it a favorite you know it's Sam's
wallpaper on his phone I'm sure
wallpaper house it's pretty far back
okay yeah it's like six months ago yeah
maybe too far back is he post everyday
it might not be worth it I was gonna say
just Instagram Sam Tripoli bade oh what
a weird name to be late Oh Baby Doe is
so close to beta betta Oh rope just said
he seemed like such a silly guy and then
that girl Katie he'll announce her
resign mushi's dude and a woman yeah the
ruppell's baby she was banging a guy and
a girl yeah
really well the girl she openly admitted
to the guy she said was there was false
rumors about their work sexual
relationship that they never hooked up
at work or some bullshit like that
what's the problem that her husband
that's probably part of it she's married
but that her husband comma a problem one
that he's being emotionally abusive to
her by like releasing all this
information about her cheating oh that's
hilarious yeah he's being emotionally
abusive imagine if it was a wife doing
that about a male come on maybe I
wouldn't know would say that you would
never say that she's being emotionally
abusive about her cheating husband nope
that's Larry she said but it's hard this
article that I read said he's being
emotionally abusive about her past about
her whatever infidelity yeah her
infidelity right then he's focused cuz
they got video you know there's video of
her banging coconuts with these dude her
cannot believe people in pictures and
all this shit Wow some some comma kind
of funny Wow
tweet this morning that was like I just
like the idea of a throuple is kind of
hot but when you saw the picture of who
she hooked up with you're like bomber
Wow
sometimes sometimes it's better just the
imagination I found the picture Sam put
update I know this is not a real picture
of bado oh I caught it before it was the
last day for it to damn it no never mind
okay I was nothing I didn't think I was
gonna find that either but imagine if it
was real put the picture up okay I want
to see I want to see a rib so triply
there look at that look look look look
look how nice atheist vegan naturist is
that a word naturist ecologist queer
slut hmm okay that's someone's boy and
that's not a real picture that's a
picture of someone but not beta but I've
been out of beta but it looks exactly
like it looks a lot like him I think
Triple E thought it was him who's hoping
the old days you could just say it's him
yeah what is it show a picture I promise
man you Brahmas yeah I miss it citizen
Jason - what yeah when people are masons
everybody freaks out I'm so ignorant I
don't really know what that is but I see
it all the time
what's an ancient group that you could
belong to and I know but they still have
I know that but I mean it's still
happening today I don't understand who's
cool becomes a Mason today isn't Michael
Chevelle owes a Mason and I think Pat
Miletich is a Mason as well someone else
Randall Carlson I do you right how do
you go through it what do you do there
like a fraternal fucking oh no I think
it's like some guy explaining to me once
in Houston some dude and he seemed
pretty honest he's like that's fucking
guys club you hang out yes like the
rotary is like some secret shit it's
gone on forever never he goes but it's
nothing it's mostly just a place where
guys hang out they say that that's how
planning some fucked up shit though
that's that's really where people plants
everything don't worry about us it's not
that government takeover type show yeah
yeah yeah yeah who do we talk to in the
car that said that they were saying they
think oh that they was talking about
Snowden saying that he's oh yeah
controlled opposition old opposition
that term that term bugs the shit out of
me yeah cuz I've heard it so many times
used about me you're controlled
opposition
yeah that's what I did my entire life
what I did was I got into martial arts I
became a martial arts guy
martial arts got in a stand-up comedy
but it's really just to become
controlled opposition yeah all of it
this career you know putting together a
podcast all that talking shit smoking
weed with Elon Musk it's just controlled
opposition it was just a long single
play a long play it's basically the
Chinese government gotta hold me when I
was baby and they groomed me didn't know
oh yeah I didn't know oh yeah yeah yeah
control opposition thing is when people
on the outside you know have you ever
had someone like come up with a theory
about you that you read it you're like
what I'm gay according the Internet
that's my that's my favorite I'm gay
because I said on a post one time that I
married Chris D'Elia that we were like
running away and like a foreign
publication got ahold of it that like
that's the English translations
hysterical what do you think the
original language was I don't warrant
was her foreign just form just foreign
foreign foreign but it just says I'm gay
if you look it up is Andrew Santino gay
it says a lot of things say I'm gay
congratulations yeah I'm actually kind
of stoked about if you get would you be
a top or a bottom I'd be a power bottom
power what is a power I push back you
know I mean okay we were boots rust hard
yeah grips and shit gloves and we're
fingerless gloves I slam back right
right like the kind that guys work out
in the park you know those guys work
gloves yeah there I am I've got your
Santino married with wife or gay men bio
hints what sexuality might be live
ramped up that's the name of the website
letting you in D'Elia Oh area yeah that
is let you look getting that picture I
know oh my god you look like you're
looking at dick on home I'm so hungry
for it so I guess I am
mmm what you gonna do at least you're
not controlled opposition I am though
you're both mm-hmm control that position
amazing yeah I've been I'm a government
experiment those gloves those workout
gloves all those guys would work out in
the park would you like those crazy
calisthenics guys they wear these like
yeah work gloves they wear work gloves
when they work out yeah I've been
fucking fascinated by these videos yet
pay attention those work out the part de
street workout guys yeah oh my god you
seen the prison do yeah but I mean these
guys in the park is what I'm
you know this I'm saying they do it
outside now they take prison workouts
and they teach them in the park there's
a guy that does a YouTube thing that's
like prison workouts in the park and
shit
I don't know there's a guy who has Park
workouts I didn't know some prison
workouts yeah yeah but what and he they
and I don't know this guy wears the
gloves with what he wear he needs
whatever he can write well these guys
are just using like the monkey bars and
like parallel bars and chin-up bars and
stuff that you thought you know those
those workout areas in parks yeah these
guys man the fucking build on these
dudes yeah they're jacked incretin the
fucking feats of strength that they do
where they live have they'll do a
chin-up keep their legs extended yeah
what is the the name of this YouTube
channel bar stars just an older video to
write 2011 there's a bunch of these
believe it or not this guy does not have
an impressive physique in comparison to
a lot of these fuck no truthfully some
of these guys are it's unfuckin real
yeah but it's an amazing way to exercise
when you realize like look this shit
look at this shit look at this shit this
guy's doing dips but he's doing dips
with his legs almost parallel to the
floor behind him that requires like
freakish control of your body there's so
many of these guys too it's like it's an
incredible way to work out like you
really realize like man you don't need a
gym to get a body like that like who
wouldn't be happy with a body like that
who do I gotta lift some weights that's
about as good a body as you can get and
these fucking guys are all doing it at
the gym I mean at these you know these
gym setups in the park you can get a
fucking amazing workout it's just a lot
of push-ups set ups and pull ups right
that's the majority of it yeah this guy
looks good I mean you see some guy there
was one guy that did it he was mom 52
you see one guy who did it who was 63
Jerry what but he's he's in good shape
he's in good shape but one guy who did
it was 63 but there was a guy that I was
looking at the other day that was 35
years old and he looked like a fucking
comic book superhero and the dude was
talking to him so you see they're all
having these um yeah that's all the work
gloves but they were talking to this
dude and they were like this is all you
do you don't
anyways it's like I don't touch weights
man all I do I do like this fucking guy
look at this fuck back build on this guy
look at his muscle ups me and Jamie's
been trying to do a muscle up for four
years now I never even come close but
guys just throwing six seven muscle ups
eight freakish this is a great
transition from is Andrew gay to than me
and you watching men do polo this is
gonna be great for the internet but the
build that these guys create no it's
just just from doing muscle ups can you
just what I'm doing can you myself this
guy's at 12 he did 12 fucking muscle ups
that's insane man I'm dying at 12 oh my
god is it but they all wear those work
gloves like look at the fucking shredded
these guys are it's an amazing way to
work out man because it's all body
weights you know it's all chin-ups and
dips and push-ups and they figure out a
way to do them in all sorts of different
ways right they figure out a way to do
these chin-ups and dips and different
angles so you're hitting the bottom of
your chest the top of your chest I think
there's a lot of genetics involved there
too well there's a lot of hard work I
don't care what kind of genetics you
have to do what that guy just did you
need to fucking work hard for a long
time totally but also like those guys
are fucking that's supreme athlete shit
- at some point they're blessed with
like athletic skill to be able to get to
that point you know I mean some people
could work out a lot and still never be
able to do a fucking a muscle I know
Jamie like that yeah excuse me I just
had an injury I've been recovering from
what yes what is it what is it fell I
was using one of our hoverboards ooh did
he fucked his back right there wait with
the one-wheel thing now the two wheels I
don't like those fucking things those
are great you ain't shit Oh feet up
broke the camera back first boom no shit
really I had my camera in my hand I was
getting real confident and thought I
could start filming while I was going
around on it okay boy just like look at
the lens
next thing I know I was like on the
ground camera they got me on that one
wheel he's been hurt for like over a
year
what are you what did you hurt the most
I Cole yeah fucked up my plaster hole
because it started my back
couldn't sit right for a while then it
just started problems down my left leg
and hip and shit yeah not good if you
can't sit right man you can get a bulge
and disc easy you know how people get
bulging disc guys with big wallets you
have like a wallet you keep too many
business cards he's a real fuck yeah
it's real that's fun guys you're sitting
on your wallet and your your all your
weights on one ass cheek and you disc
gets compressed punched at a computer
all day after a while bulges you know
who doesn't have a wallet
who me how about Jamie Jamie Jamie
doesn't either I put all my keys I put
all my shit in my front pocket that's
from when I was a kid you don't have
what do you do with your credit cards my
front pocket you don't have a clipper
anything dope bro you versi a ridge
wallet you know what those are no okay
one of those yeah I used to push him on
my show I just I don't like I don't like
wallets I don't do you like I just like
to have in cash and cards you don't even
I do now I know I know I know I know I
know I used to never have a case you
know why broke know it's made out of
glass no you're not stupid anymore no
I'm still gonna know I'm still fucking
stupid I put a case on it because the
Apple care is gone on this thing now
someone's scared no it's just cuz I the
phones the phone is done I don't know
it's like I hate the phone off and then
there's no Apple care anymore like I'm
scared you know I just I just I don't
want to have to deal with it now oh you
you were dealing with it before no I
just if I did break it I would just go
get a new one so you one of those guys
when you have car insurance you drive
with an asshole yeah rental insurance do
you get read on insurance or no no cuz
my insurance has it covered out right
yeah but they try to get it for you
right yeah but I was July coverage I
treat those things like shit and crash
in it
yeah you I mean I have a fun car I'm
gonna drive it fun I want to drive it
fun I get it bro you do you know you
know I'm not that guy look I I'm not the
guy that throws one at me I didn't see
your point I'm not that guy who's a
point that finger going straight across
all off a fucking hoverboard again
follow the other side bounces about
guter it handles nothing he does he's
gonna power scooter wait what goes fast
yeah what do you mean a power is like a
fucking fucking merge scooter but like
way faster goes like 25 miles an hour
like a usian bolt sprint is that a
custom-made did you get that how do you
by that ugh I'm trying to trying to kill
white people hell yeah it's made in
america fuck yeah china no it's not the
pieces are it was probably compiled
assembled in China they got me on the
one wheel out there I'm I fucking I
learned it real fast how many of those
Magna hats were made in China every
single one probably they are every
single work every fucking one I love
that's hilarious
he makes me mad as fuck you know fashion
wise fashions gonna when he's gone and
all that shit's over within a decade or
so those hats are gonna be so fucking
popular oh yeah worth so much mom my god
it's like dick like dick Nixon like
Richard Nixon that's right that's a very
valuable tricky dick you can wear a
Nixon t-shirt right now Nixon for
president hundred percent
nobody would nobody would say beat your
ass no no people will beat your ass if
you have a red hat with other white
letters on it
yeah just cause like there's a girl got
mace in the face it just had to have
this said make Bitcoin great again
someone didn't read it they just really
bother reading it fuck you with your red
hat with white letters they may store
right in the face the video of it now
I'm ignorant but as this happened for
any other president where this kind of
thing had like did someone works for
another president that was kind of cool
no no no no this is number one phrases
not only that dude how about what it
says make America great again mm-hmm
who's like fuck you we don't want it to
be great fuck you it's just a
representation in the context they just
associated Trump so they like that's it
it's also again like make it great again
like what well was it great when slavery
was legal when was it great and Civil
Rights wars were going on one was it
great yeah the phrase is inherently what
things were segregated
when was it great name the great time
what was it great when we first came
here and we stole it from Pete when it's
great right now bitch yeah this is good
has ever been it's not gonna get better
than if you pay attention to like real
trends forget about how you feel like
forget about like your own personal
experience if you just look at objective
trends in terms of violence crime all
the statistics that we're all really
terrified about right there's never been
a better time no there's never been a
better time for humanity but it's always
gonna be the United States it's pretty
goddamn good good
we always were our best critic you know
fuckin Trump just went after Chicago
again he just was making fun of my city
because of the crime rate saying how we
can't get it under control I was talking
about the cops
yeah cago cops
yeah saying that that we can't get crime
under control in Chicago well he's
probably making fun of the mayor you
know in some way oh yeah blaming it on
the mayor oh yeah that's what it is it's
your favorite mayor yeah I love her
well just easy to make fun of she seems
like a nice lady though we just get shot
Chicago gets shots taken out at all the
time because it's like they're like
fucking Duvall violence it's accent all
fuckin violence well that's what's even
more fucked about it's a very specific
area that has had extreme violence for a
long time South Side no I said yeah it's
dark max but then it's so much meanwhile
scary that when you have a place that
like it's where it's isolated you know
where there's just like so much violence
there then outside of it it's really
nice
like what but some of the nice areas
we're getting even like kids would do
these things they do these mob attacks
where they go like a really nice area
like Michigan Avenue where all the
tourists aren't shit and they were just
like robbed someone but they be like 15
people on one you know so they knew that
a they were gonna get away with it and
be how could you stop it's kind of so
much K it's like organized chaos and
they would run into a store and steal
shit and just leave mmm because they
figure you're not gonna get all of us
Brian it's like maybe one person gets
caught but rob from the rich you know I
saw a video of I don't know how many
times have done it right now but group
so it's happened three times in
California twice here is somewhere else
[Applause]
probably 200 people get on those
scooters and just take over a street and
then just go wherever they can go oh
shit and the cops are trying to stop
them but there's so many people they
can't stop and the helicopters are on
them do they organize online Facebook
meetups or something like that Wow
like what are those things called on one
of those things call when people have
like flash mobs flash mobs I have a
flash mob for scooters yeah I haven't
seen anything dangerous happening but I
mean I'm sure it's speaking of dangerous
what do you think about what Trump did
when that guy when they killed the head
of Isis and he said he died crying and
whimpering and then he watched the whole
thing on video I'm like Jesus he's like
a he's like a deranged comedy writer
like he's like a fucking sometimes I
think he's like trying to be funny or
clever and it I just don't it's like an
autistic kid he just doesn't his tick is
wrong but that just does not seem very
presidential
no something his dick is off I think he
thinks it's normal or fun or
or interesting or dynamic and people are
like he has no one person next to him
going do we is that what you want us
that's the version that you want to say
cuz he just I we talked about that on
the plane is like the theory of how do
you tell someone they're wrong when
things have told them that they're right
how do you tell the guy that's like I
won against all odds to become the
president when someone's like you
shouldn't tweet that he's like really
look at all the fucking other stuff that
you know I mean like it's hard to
convince this guy that he's wrong well
if anybody feels I'm not to do things he
fires yeah they're gone yeah so it's
just kind of like he's a bunch of yes
men anyway
well he's treating the presidency the
same way he treats running Trump Tower
yeah but it's the same thing you fire
anybody tells them what to do get the
fuck out here if I had yeah I'm just
doing on a large scale but do we expect
deer friendly that's what's weird like
what what would you expect different out
of a guy who's 70 what is he 74 no how
old is he
mid-seventies yeah that's so old to be
running a giant fucking thing like the
presidency allows McDonald's baby
doesn't how's my Donald I know loves
Kentucky Fried Chicken what's this
what was it say SME 373 did you see the
photo what yesterday oh yeah there's a
lobby where sent us is a staged photo
yeah it looks it does look god this
Photoshop och yeah I liked all the
things aren't plugged into the cat five
wires they just kind of laid them around
yeah all the guys are kind of like
looking in different directions
fucking let that what kind of IT guy let
that thing be so goddamn sloppy
what is this supposed to be a photo of
them watching that happen because
they're trying to compare it to the one
that happened now this the Obama one
when they get bin Laden and everyone's
around the world I'm how weird is it
they all watch
that's funny there's a bunch of photos
go down there's a bunch of Photoshop
ones that are coming out now they're
making jokes about Sarah Palin they're
back we suffered a this weekend a Hulk
Hogan checking down some guy at a
restaurant he was on crutches and some
guy must have said something fucking
stupid to him and he walked up to him
and he was giving him the whole like
like like like I'm a personality but
I'll still bust you're like that's what
I like about guys like that they're like
you know I'm famous and like you know
it's you can be like cute and hello and
say from bye like talk shit and I'll
still fuck you up like Hulk Hogan will
fuck
you up he's a big fella he said we were
telling it we were saying that he lost
like three plus inches of height because
of all of his back operations yeah cuz
they removed all of his discs and fused
them all together so all the cushion in
between his discs they're all gone it's
fuckin nuts all the spinal columns are
all smooshed together and bolted down in
so many different places and it's all
from Pro Wrestling that yeah so hard on
you but does take such a toll on their
fucking body as much as I think it's
still goofball bullshit oh my god it's
so hard physically so hard fist well
that's why Dallas Page created DDP yoga
I know I mean he really created that
just to strengthen his spine and
rehabilitate himself from all the
injuries that he had heard during Pro
Wrestling he's the shit he's a good days
I great dude I just think that fucking
workout is hard as shit yeah you see
like in shape dudes trying it online and
they're struggling yeah fucking hard man
look yoga's hard and his yoga's
particularly intense because he adds a
lot of dynamic tension to it and right
and you know that guy's mean he's in his
60s and he came here and he was doing
some yoga poses like grabbing ahold of
his ankle and lifting it up over his
head he's in fucking tremendous shape
I've never done yoga once it's great I
know it's good I don't know I don't want
to do hot I don't know Jamie best way
cuz you stretch out but you're just
ganging up on me
plus it's good for your body because it
develops heat shock proteins that mimic
what's like peanuts regular yoga fine
yeah it's good okay we'll do that then
why don't you do hot yoga
why don't we reg do regular yeah why
don't you do hot yoga because I don't
wanna be the guy in how he did 15 of
them in a month you didn't work out he
takes an hour he's a dosis you gonna
trust a guy that doses people trust him
well he wouldn't dose me he's my friend
it's okay to say that to Burt David
Ickes I would say fuck it
he dosed Burt because he's a fucking he
don't look because he felt like he'd get
away with it mm-hmm okay I'll just it
was a lapse in judgement that he has
since apologized for no I know I love
him I'm kidding how about this I'll do
hot yoga if you come play basketball
with me and Jamie I would do that but
basketballs hard on the joints man all
that
I decide motion come on come on baby
street basketball or in the corner we
were gonna play we're gonna do what
would we play basketball with him cuz
I'd be tough
well we'll do anyone or so we'll do 21
you know smoking yeah know how to play
basketball I know but that's fun I don't
know how to yoga I'm Terra I'll be I'll
look like a competition you're gonna
competition it won't really be that
competitive how well do you play you
play good well yeah yeah it'll be fun
fun for you it's the same yoga shit I
don't know how this how we did you Jitsu
first okay and then we'll see if you can
play yoga okay that's fine okay yeah
let's do yoga that okay I just I'll do
I'll do the hot yoga you're late 21 I
mean I won't win you know what the
problem is with yoga for me for baby can
fucking sink some three-pointers I don't
even know if you know how good Jamie is
video doing jump shot just swish catches
the ball swish dude yeah dude Anna no
really now I bet Jamie smokes you fifth
in the city I got all my money young
Jamie okay good
how much how much you tell me here we go
here we go here we go baby
helps put up that coin how about $1,000
okay okay okay okay would eat what are
we doing we plan I'm not one on one
we're playing we're doing okay that's
why you guys can't play horse okay I got
a thousand dollars on him I'm can't wait
to film it Jamie you in you getting
smoked okay then we'll do home run dirt
I'm gonna spend that thousand bucks I'll
take us all out to dinner okay
whatever's left I'll give to the waiter
okay good bran I'm in alright I can't
wait well should we film it yeah we
should where do we do it though I don't
know Staples Center we should make a
basketball court next door we might have
a little bit there's a couple of feet
right it's plenty of room man perfect or
do you want to do a pool show and I've
been talking about this Jamie and I were
talking about this for how many years
now all all of them that I've filmed a
few times like one time we filmed
Fitzsimmons and I playing pool was fun
he's good at all right shit yeah 40s way
yeah yeah who's the who's the best that
you played Artie Lange Artie Lange can
play yeah you can yeah you can play you
can play
yeah he can he doesn't have like so some
guys are good at pocketing balls all
right you know I mean some guys are good
at moving the ball around I don't know
any comedians that are really good at
moving the ball around with a musician
you have to have a stroke like meaning
can you draw the ball full table length
I know right no comedians other than
myself that can do that no comedians
other than myself that have actually
played in real tournaments you know and
I don't play that good now but when I
was playing a lot I could pull it I was
like a B player I know be level player
legit B lever player like I've run four
racks in a row of nine broken ran four
racks in a row I've run 70 plus balls
playing straight pool that's not like
world-class not professional level but
I'm a like a legit what they would call
shortstop yeah you know and then what's
our tease around that same level no no
he's a little lower than lower then yeah
but he play dama rare can play a little
bit Adam Ferrara can play yeah yeah he
plays pretty good yeah why don't you do
a pool show I should do a pool show and
why not
here's the thing how do you make it
entertaining you know it just will be
maybe you just talking shit playing pool
having fun yeah
maybe we'd have to give people wired
mics and we it would have to yeah I mean
it could be funny it can be fun
but I mean how many people can play how
many people can allege it well here's
one thing that I could do that be fun
bring in pros and just get stomped that
would be funny to watch them do tricks
on him shit on your girl pros in have
them stomp me yeah and you know what's
that Asian woman into Black Widow
Jeanette Lee she's fucking awesome she's
very good but she's not the best no
she's gonna stretch the imagination you
know she's really good but she's had
some severe also severe back problems
she had scoliosis a bunch of back
surgeries but she's you know she's way
better than me yeah she's like she's
legit could a pro be able to teach a
comedian well enough to compete against
you
hell no that's actor it's like golf it
takes years it would take years like I
could not play for a year like I get
like you could take a person that
doesn't know how to play and they could
play every day for a year and I'll still
crush them just why don't you want to
play golf because I'm scared it's such a
specific wonderful you would love I know
that's why I don't want to play it yeah
you shoot I have a real problem with
games I can't oh he would he would
fucking love call it'd be two rounds
before every show you guys go or
anywhere I'd be like running out of time
and I would yeah Ron White is the
fucking King he loves it look at his
Instagram it's always pictures I don't
know you know two shows tonight right
now I'm playing golf dude it's right up
your alley the specifics the technique
though it's so much like exactly what
you like not interested it's one more
thing on your plate that's too many
things and it also takes a lot of time
golf takes time you don't play 18 holes
yeah but you shit takes hours no you
would take you would just start with 9
is what you would do ok how many 2 hours
is that - you can do it in under - if
you walk it it takes longer getting that
cart you can you could play speed golf
dude you can knock out 9 holes in an
hour and 25 minutes really yes
absolutely it especially if you don't
suck - that's a problem no but but but
when you're especially learn yeah dude
I'm obsessed right now with handguns ok
yeah well most apps right now doing
tactical ranges I'm gonna set it yeah
but I got to back off it a little bit so
wanted to go everyday yeah but why is
that bad because it's fucking crazy I'm
crazy I can't it's I can't throw gas on
the fucking dry twigs and throw a match
and run away I can't do you do do you
take something out when you add
something in or is it just pile yes get
in the way of my writing get in the way
of you know whatever the fuck it is yeah
see I find when I play I when I golf
it's my favorite time to think your
heads clear you're in nature there's
nothing going on right and you're trying
to knock that ball and the whole point
of good golfers will tell you that your
head should you shouldn't be like having
a million thoughts about you should be
kind of fluid and in in the moment a
little bit so that's like the best play
you can play sounds like hot yoga I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna do it hot yoga
definitely take so I'm gonna do it but
it's in the middle of it I want to bail
I'm gonna bail
bale pussy it's not pussy it's just I
don't want to sit in this honey room why
does it have to be hot because it's hard
makes it difficult oh it's not test your
will it's more it feels annoying I don't
like hot stuff I don't like hot rooms
what about hot food I like spicy food
what about a hot coffee I like ice
better this is that old theories like
would you rather be cold all the time or
hot all the time I'd always rather be
cold I'd be hot take hot see you what
would you take well it depends on how
hot I don't want 120 on this is my point
a dress Alaska all year-round or in
fucking in in by the equator all
year-round
would you rather live in Phoenix Arizona
or or Enix is right great yeah it is and
then the in the summer time you just
find a place with AC I lived there it
was it's awful in the summer it's the
it's 120 is too much it gets rough but
the winners amazing yeah it's beautiful
but I'd rather be in winter a lot more
than in summer a lot more do you crank a
hotel room up or down that's a big
difference
oh dude it went in my hotel stay it like
when it goes you know like six whatever
can go down below yeah I go to low as it
can go so you like being cold
yes really wanted freezing but look at
you you're like cold climate person cuz
I run but I brought white skin you run I
run hot a mad man always drunk throwing
up everywhere plane that's what it was I
was blacked out mmm i ply I just drink
in that morning I just ride I didn't go
to bed puking on a fuckin plane by the
way for those that know puking on a
plane is is exactly as uncomfortable as
you would fucking imagine it do you
bring your own golf clubs on the road
you ever do that a lot of times if I'm
going to a place I know I'm gonna play
golf that's when it gets crazy no why
yeah if or or or if it's a nice enough
course I just will rent their clubs from
them oh they have good clubs a nice
course always has a good set of clubs
yeah shitty courses have but I'm not
playing any I'm playing nice courses if
I'm gonna go and play that's a good move
yeah that way you don't have to worry
about it well dude FedEx does ship
sticks and all this stuff they ship
sticks it's a cut there's there's places
that take your clubs they ship them for
you and they're there when you get there
costume it's that's a good move awesome
yeah they don't have to think about it
that's a good move because like when you
get on a plane
it's a fucking massive pain in the ass I
live in the shit around us
no no shipping homes wait let's check
things and you gotta wait fuck the
baggage claim and hope they didn't fuck
with your club but I get used to it like
when I four snowboards I have to bring
my fucking snowboard everywhere cuz you
don't want to ship that oh yeah I rent
skis I always ask easy I don't like
rentals shit cuz it's been but I have my
own boots but I rent skis skis or skis
yeah I guess I guess I sucked anyway
like I'm not a good skier you're not no
is anybody in your family good yeah my
kids are way better than me they're good
yeah they're better than me
my my 11 year old she always wants to go
to the fucking black diamonds she's a
little daredevil fuck that I love that
no I go rip she does jumps and shit and
fuck oh yeah she's 11 sheet but at some
point she weighs 80 pounds I mean not
even fly through the fuckin D yeah she
flies she flies and lands but when you
go skiing D what do you stay on the easy
Hill yeah carve a nice ass off I don't
like skiing I do it cuz they they like
it you don't like it nope oh god it
feels so fucking good I love it
this is where I go don't get hurt don't
get hurt don't get hurt didn't get hurt
the ulta and get hurt don't get hurt
look at this fucking asshole Jesus
Christ cut right in front of me because
some dick wads there's always like some
la douche yeah it's just uh just a
little too cocky with the hanging and
just a little too into it and probably
on adderall just fucking whiz in his way
down this yeah yeah it is nobody's got
its listen the more I the older I get
when I go do it the more scared I am
because of how fast people are going now
like dumb people are gonna stop in the
middle of the trail and fix their ski
like go over to the side dipshit - what
two seasons ago I had I almost lost it
on this poor kid I came over this hill
and I you can't see on the other side
and he was laying down cuz he had fallen
he was crying and I'm coming over this
little lip and I'm panicking in the
middle of the area him oh my god I think
I'm gonna kill him dude oh my snowboard
is fucking imagine I think I'm gonna
slice his face open and I and I'm moving
my weight through the air as I'm falling
and I eat shit I mean I eat shit and
then I throw my shit off and I grab this
kid by the jack and I like throw him
although probably like seven or eight
you know I mean Ruis
oh yeah dude cuz I need him up yeah I
kick my shit out in a little fucking
bitch what'd you do I put him in a
fuckin headlock I see fuckin say Santino
is the best no but I threw him off to
the side I was like dude you cannot be
there you're gonna get kit you're gonna
get hurt like he could have gotten
fought only 7 he doesn't know any better
but I know dude but that's why I'm like
don't be on this side of the hill but
that's the problem is like kids go on
tough runs and they don't know what
they're doing
yeah that is a problem you get hurt bad
I mean he could have got skis and some
of the cons like no one it's not like
like when you go on a blue or green no
one tells you hey you're not ready for a
green I know let me see your certificate
yeah you should just i watch this lady
eat shit
I could see it I was like oh my god
she's not supposed to be a here's how
you know when you go to Colorado or you
go to a resort and you see a guy on the
gondola and or going up to the top lift
with jeans on I'm always like I'm gonna
follow this or he's awesome he's not
gonna create fucking rare possible most
of those guys know not to wear jeans
listen I'm not fucking crying let's go
skiing with Jean right let's jean jacket
jeans jeans with song over the jeans
yeah yeah let's do it
I don't mind skiing but I don't like
doing it too much it's just I know so
many people that have torn their ACL
broke it re broke his wrist one year and
the year before that he broke his ankle
he must be fucking bad I think he's
reckless
yeah he's reckless a wild person he
wants to do he wants to push it all the
way to probably on drugs do it that's
yes I was just gonna say that's the
other problem with Hills is like now
people are so fucked up now people also
get so drunk and go skiing yeah
like midday drinking up at the top of
the mountain I and you know how much I
like drinking I don't do it yeah cuz I'm
like I'm not getting drunken going down
a fucking hill and then what if I if
what if I hurt someone and I'm drunk no
I don't want to do it but you see people
at those mid Hill lit mid Hill like it
like it dude
let a gang me no one stops you nope no
one stops you from that no one stops you
from taking mushrooms my friend Audrey
takes mushrooms for skis that's crazy
maybe does better I'll take mushrooms
after we ski back at the house maybe
took a little bit and you'd be better
maybe a tiny bit
I'll take a little hit I'll take I'll
get I'll get a little high but like I
can't get I don't want to get fucked up
and feel like I'm not in control when I
play pool
hi I'm better I'm like one ball better
yeah do you think it's in
performance-enhancing drug 100% it is
huh yeah so what do you think about its
way in professional sports Jitsu as well
it is for jiu-jitsu what about like
compat like what about basketball and
baseball I don't play basketball but I
would imagine it's similar to pool and
that it's a feel thing like my feeling
should be illegal for professional
sports no no I don't think it should be
illegal because it's like it doesn't
make you faster or stronger I think
those are the things that should make
you illegal but it I think you could be
just as focused without it but for
certain people it enhances your focus it
kind of gives you tunnel vision so
that's that but I mean that's all I'm
saying that's the argument as they say
that could be an advantage I could see
that it I could see you would say it
it's an advantage I feel like it
I am better at jiu-jitsu when I'm high I
really do believe that like you better
form better yes I perform I feel better
I feel like a more intuitive I
understand positions better understand
where I'm going better you ever lift
weights huh yes and uh you know it's
funny I hate running high I like a lot
of people like to get high and run love
it no see I get I I can lift weights
high but running high I don't that's not
my favorite
yeah yoga yoga hi oh my god okay so that
makes more sense it's the best you feel
like every fiber of your muscles you
feel things stretching you feel where
you're pushing too hard like where
things are starting to pop right you
feel it yeah you like the runner's high
I get from running alone I just feel
like it's its own kind of like waterful
little drug right but lifting cuz
they're because I'm such a DD guy that
lifting is easily distractible you know
you're like there's so much to do in the
gym and so many you're like what am i
doing that you know yeah I know I like
it I like lifting high there it is
just baked out of your fuckin mind Oh
what's the one thing you won't do hi Oh
commentate on the UFC have you done it
before
yes and you were high and if I you felt
like it did you eat shit no I didn't but
I this is my worry I've never done it
really high my worry is that I wouldn't
want
talk about the fights I'd want to talk
about other things it just turned into
this and we started to talk warring
fight like it's first of all it would be
extremely disrespectful if while these
people who have dedicated months of
their life and years of their life
training and preparing and here they are
in the UFC and I barely paid attention
to the phone right yeah
I'm subject to not pay attention to from
hi I get that from hi I'm paid into the
fucking lighting I'll be like how weird
is it this lighting thing is above our
head it's like a thousand pounds and
never even thought about it yeah I could
fall asleep how many people have died
I'd be like how many people have died
from lighting they'd be like Joe there's
a fight going on right now
no I know but fights come on all you see
is like thank you for the lighting tips
Joe we go right back to the fight people
would be angry yeah it emit Liso it's a
dick move that's that like that's that
they're like certain people can be
really baked onstage I can be a little
high but I can't get too high and get on
stage I don't like I just feel like my
performance lacks it's really weird
writing like the other side of it is
enjoyable high like I love creating and
writing and making high but performing
high not my tell you where it's the best
to be super high huh let's stand up on
the spot show Jeremiah walked in show oh
yeah well yes well let's greet it's all
improv it's also a complete
improvisation high as a kite but that's
because it's a it's almost like a
win-win for that thing is like even if
you're not really coming up with like
right shit that you you're like it's
still in the moment of fun oh that isn't
it move yeah and when you're performing
fireball you're doing a fucking arena
okay yeah no way I mean we do we've
gotten a little hyper yeah I can't get I
can't get ripped you know if I'm ripped
I'm not fucking good
I I've gotten ripped like the most
ripped I've ever got is before podcast
in the early days of podcasting we were
talking about this the other day and I
would be in the middle of talking not
knowing what the fuck I was talking
about yeah and I'd be like wait a minute
that's not right
what what am I saying what am I even
saying it was so many podcast that if I
look back on these cringy moments of
things that I said I was like I was so
high I barely knew what I was talking
about right
it was the numb is your number accurate
for how many this is yes with it we're
pretty close or were their numbers I got
lost this matrix like things like
podcast
on a plane that I don't think while
we're in the number group or the number
was probably like 15 ish that don't have
numbers and then the fight companions
didn't get numbers
what's the number at what are we at this
is 1371 you know what you talked about
that we never went through with well I
don't know what city we were in what we
talked about doing it from one of those
cool fucking buses yes that's what we
talked about and Jamie and I talked
about this too was getting a Sprinter
van and doing it up in the inside like a
podcast studio and then taking it to
gigs so like say if you and I did a gig
in Irvine right we'd hire a driver Jamie
would be in the back working the fucking
the controls and all microphones and
cameras and we're drive down to Irvine
and it works so much better now that the
shows not live anymore
right it would be easy to do cuz you
would just compress it all into a video
file and then upload it's nice to still
think we should do that totally do know
we should do though we should get like
three or four comics to go do like a big
thing in Vegas yes and we take the drive
to Vegas and make us you know like do
like a podcast from there to Vega it's
like a four-hour drive and then we do
all four or five a so four hours if
everything goes great sure yeah sure
but even still I think that's a great
Drive and then you can edit it and cut
it down and then get to Vegas show the
show and then whatever yeah and we could
do it safe - we could actually have
seatbelts yeah you know and you have a
college it well you can get those
Sprinter vans man there's companies that
design them they do whatever you want
out right I mean they can even put a
screen up like that where Jamie can like
throw to a screen and we can look at
stuff but we would have to have some
kind of an internet connection while
we're in there well don't they have
those um you know those you can buy dog
shit are they yeah yeah the DIRECTV's
good you can get real Direct TV and
those things but your internet really
slow what do they think you can buy
those from like eight from the from the
phone companies that the little tiny
pods that you can get some cellular
internet connection and I think Chuck
our audio guy was telling us that we can
they can combine two or three cellular
signals and up the bandwidth so maybe we
could stream YouTube on a television if
you're gonna play whether your phone so
you have separate ones yeah you would
get separate ones that are dedicated and
you get
that's a correct yeah there's companies
that have it set up so you can have like
a backpack for like people that they
call IRL streamers that walk around and
stream those switches back to us what's
going on my presidents they're listening
this yeah it'll Snowden go to the
whatever antennas working the best at
the time you're there and it'll just
like tether yeah but if you're in a
place that has nothing you have nothing
but if we you know drive to Vegas is
pretty good most of the way I feel like
Vegas is easy though because they
because it's so heavy traffic that you
need cell phone most of the way oh yeah
oh yeah in like the 405 your head down
like we had a gig in Irvine or something
like that you'd you'd be able to wear
like a trip up north to San Francisco
would be fucking awesome yeah yeah oh
that's a long drive rather fly yeah I
guess that's true or let's take a
private jet and do it on it do you like
Tommy Saguna he's taking private jets
all over the place he's hashtag balling
balling dude is balling selim everywhere
yeah he's over see it is like it's
amazing Bert crashes make it fucking
crazy money now yeah looking thin starts
getting thin and sexy baby yeah
everybody's murdering it
oh you got a fucking theater tour I got
a small theater tour yeah the red rocket
tour 2020 baby I've got some dates
Lauren I know you want to do the comic
store yep two shows I'm there see you
heard it here bitches yeah tomorrow
counts doing it with us okay never might
not want to do with my first small field
red rocket 2020 tour Edmonton Denver
Minneapolis Madison Bakersfield Detroit
doing doing the Fox Theatre in
Bakersfield oh shit what I'm doing is
fucking great yeah it's cool it's
awesome there's a theater of there
Bakersfield it's awesome Detroit Atlanta
Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Portland
Seattle Miami West Palm Beach and
Phoenix tickets now at Andrew Santino
calm I'm around dude I've got a couple
of dates left here that I'm doing the
rest of the or November I've got some
stuff that I'm doing now but yeah this
that they fucking mic the two people
that I work with did this for me it's
fuck writable right we'll put that up on
Instagram okay we get out of here yeah
baby let's wrap this bitch up
yeah Santino calm for all your Santino
needs and pleasures
mmm-hmm my brother fun times thank you
fun times this weekend - yes fucking
awesome it'll be better next time
because I won't be so bad
yeah so October today we have so close
three solid days left hang in there you
fucks bye bye so close
[Applause]
[Music]